9BestDogHarnessesforWalksandCarRidesof2022
Dogline Unimax Multi-Purpose Harness


 Full disclosure: we’ve personally used a (now off-the-market) harness practically identical to the Dogline Unimax for years. And after using this model directly next to so many competitors, we’re reaffirming our allegiance to this particular design.  A streamlined happy medium between an all-enveloping shell and scratchy tangle of straps, the vest-shaped harness is made of breathable, water-resistant neoprene (which scores extra credit for being washing machine safe) and is padded for comfort, with a removable breastplate.  It's easy to maneuver on and off with a simple click under each front leg, the Dogline harness fits snugly without being too tight. A heavy-duty D-ring on the back provides good leverage for either casual walks, giving corrections, or communicating with service dogs. Incidentally, since Velcro strips on the side allow for the attachment of signage, ID’s or tags, this harness is especially useful for working/service dogs, dogs in training, or in any instance when you need to transmit info about your dog to the outside world (such as “Do Not Pet,” or “Adopt Me.”)  A built-in, generously-sized handle allows you to grab the dog if needed, help them up and around obstacles, or provide extra support in the case of injury or impaired mobility. The only downsides are the lack of a front-facing D-ring, and the fact that the thick adjustable straps take some muscle to use. 
Best Pet Supplies Voyager Step-In Air Dog Harness


 Made of soft, flexible, breathable mesh, the Voyager should provide unparalleled comfort to your small dog. And while it looks like a fashion statement (it comes in 29 cute colors!) rather than a functional tool, this product received the highest praise possible from one of colleagues.  She's able to transmit clear corrections through the leash, and her terrier-type pup stopped pulling for the very first time in their walking history.  And while there is limited opportunity for adjustment, we appreciate the addition of double D-rings on the back, which provide extra security on the leash. 
