TheBestSmartPetCamerasof2022
Eufy Pet Dog Camera D605


 If you're looking to treat your dog—and yourself—to a smart pet camera with all the best bells and whistles, look no further than the treat-tossing Eufy Pet Dog Camera D605. Offering a 170-degree wide-angle view with 1080p video resolution, the view from Eufy's dog camera is impressive both day and night. Unlike most pet cameras, Eufy’s comes with free local storage (up to 16GB), so you don’t have to pay a penny more after purchasing (or worry about uploading videos to the cloud).  The camera also excels at sending timely alerts when your dog comes into view (and automatically begins recording), and has a wide range of motion up to 270-degrees, which did a great job of tracking my pup as she moved around the room.  At the end of each day, the Eufy Pet app uniquely sends a “Doggy Diary” that recaps what your pup has been doing. While this isn’t a necessary feature, it makes it much easier to learn about your dog's day rather than scrolling back through an entire 24-hours worth of footage. The spread of free smart alerts is robust, too. Not only can it tell you when it sees your dog, but it can also send alerts when your dog goes to the bathroom, licks its paws, or barks. The treat-tossing portion of the camera has an anti-clog design that can launch tiny dog biscuits, cookies, and other small pieces of food at three different distances. The camera makes a noise when it gears up to launch a treat, which may bother some pups, but my dog did not mind. One bummer is that the camera does not work with smart assistants like Alexa or Google Assistant. However, Eufy says that plans are in the works for voice support down the road. There is also no option to view the live stream in a web browser like you can with Eufy's home security cameras. The only way to check in on your pup remotely is by using the Eufy Pet app on your iOS or Android mobile device or tablet, which works well and was quick to load during our testing. While the Eufy Pet Dog Camera D605 is one of the more expensive cameras in the category, it is worth the money if you want a feature-filled, treat-tossing dog camera that is reliable, accurate, and comes with free local storage. 
Petcube Cam


 For an affordable pet camera that doesn't skimp on smarts, you've got to go with the PetCube Cam. The Petcube Cam packs a lot of useful features into a device that squarely fits in the palm of your hand. It doesn't come with fancy extras like treat tossing or laser games like some competitors, but it’s got everything you need to successfully check-in with your furry friend from anywhere without spending a lot of money. As the most affordable pet camera we’ve come across, it’s also the smallest, making it easy to place just about anywhere in your home. It also has a magnetic base, which you can use to hang from existing steel surfaces, or you can use the peel-and-stick tape to secure the mount in place. Many of the other cameras in our guide are large and take up a lot of space, so the small size is appealing whether you live in an apartment or mansion.  Offering 1080p HD resolution, the camera delivers high-quality daytime video, great night vision up to 30 feet away, and 8x digital zoom. The 110-degree viewing angle isn’t the largest available, but it gets the job done just fine. The Petcube Cam’s audio is among the best we've tested, allowing us to communicate simultaneously without any static or delays. It’s a snappy little gadget that accurately and quickly sends notifications.  Like other Petcube cameras, it only works with Amazon Alexa—not Google Assistant or Apple’s Siri. However, the Petcube app is the easiest way to control the camera and offers a pleasant user experience. It’s worth noting that you’ll need one of Petcube’s Care Memberships to get the best features like smart alerts, web viewing, instant vet chat, and video history. The paid plan also supports secure cloud recording using 128-bit AES encryption, according to Petcube.  The live stream automatically begins playing as soon as you open the app, where you can set recording schedules. You can set the camera to record as soon as motion and sound are detected (and anytime someone interacts with the camera). It also intuitively listens for barks and meows and can differentiate between people and pets.  For a simple, affordable way to keep tabs on your pet from the palm of your hand, the Petcube Cam offers value like no other. 
