TheBestHumidifiersof2022
Levoit Classic 300S
 Type: Cool mist humidifier
   Type: Cool mist humidifier  Water tank capacity: 1.59 gallons  Dimensions: 9.6 x 7.5 x 13.4 inches  The Levoit Classic 300S lived up to its reputation with an easy-to-use experience, quiet operation, and high-power humidity. Its reservoir holds about two gallons of water. During our three-hour test run, it used about 2.5 pints of water. This rate translates to 16 hours of continuous running at full steam.   In addition to its staying power, the 300S brings the humidity. On average, it raised the humidity by 29 percent—the second-highest score of all the humidifiers we tested. The 300S was almost whisper-quiet. People who run a humidifier while they sleep will also like the relatively dim display and lack of superfluous lights. The Levoit Classic 300S has plenty of usability perks, as well. It has a no-spill fill system that you fill from the top, a huge boon if you plan on constantly running your humidifier. Best of all, the 300S is a smart humidifier. From the free app, you can start, stop, and create schedules from your phone. You can even command this model with your voice via your Amazon Alexa or Google Home. Overall, we think the Levoit Classic 300S is the best humidifier for most people. It’s quiet and small enough to go on a bedside table without disturbing you. Yet, the test results show that it can easily humidify a large room. Whatever your needs, we think this humidifier can accommodate them. 
Honeywell Designer Series HUL430
 Type: Cool mist humidifier
   Type: Cool mist humidifier  Water tank capacity: 1.25 gallons  Dimensions: 8.8 x 8.8 x 13.2 inches  The Honeywell HUL430 is the sports car of the humidifier world—it has a handsome design and  high output. But like a sports car, the HUL430’s output means it’s short on endurance.  We weighed the HUL430 before and after testing and calculated that this humidifier can run for 14 hours on the highest setting. You’ll get a lot of mist for that water consumption. In our testing chamber, this Honeywell raised the humidity 28 percent over a three-hour period.  Honeywell has also put a lot of thought into the usability of the HUL430. The tank was easy to remove and fill, with a handle built into the top. It also comes with a well-received nightlight.  Overall, if you’re looking for an attractive and powerful piece of humidifying machinery, look no further than the Honeywell HUL430. 
Vornado EV100
 Type: Evaporator humidifier
   Type: Evaporator humidifier  Water tank capacity: 1 gallon   Dimensions: 8 x 12.96 x 12.23 inches  Vornado is probably more famous for making fans, but the company also produces a mean humidifier. Efficiency is the word of the day when it comes to the EV100. During testing, it used only 0.7 pints over three hours. We did the math, and that means this humidifier can run for over 32 hours on its max setting.  However, we did have some gripes with this unit. Evaporative models have two drawbacks. First, evaporative humidifiers rely on a fan to work, which is great if you like white noise, but annoying if you crave silence. Second, evaporative humidifiers don’t produce any visible mist. Our sensors did show that the EV100 raised the humidity in the room by 19 percent, but some of our testers did not find it as pleasing as the ultrasonic humidifiers or warm misters. If you need to humidify a room constantly, for whatever reason, the Vornado EV100 is worth checking out. 
