TheBestStrollersof2022
Uppababy Cruz V2
 Stroller weight: 25.5 pounds 
   Stroller weight: 25.5 pounds   Max child weight: 50 pounds   Max basket weight: 30 pounds   Minimum age: 3 months (from birth with sold-separately accessories)   Seat style: Reversible   Recline: Flat   Car seat compatibility: Works with the Mesa Infant Car Seat natively; Maxi-Cosi, Nuna, Cybex, and Chicco (adapter sold separately)   Handlebar: Telescoping   Brake: Foot   Warranty: 2 years (extended to 3 if you register)  Have you heard of the bliss point? It’s the precise ratio of sugar, salt, and fat that maximizes deliciousness and makes food irresistible. I daresay the Uppababy Cruz V2 has attained the bliss point of strollers.  It’s wide enough to be stable yet narrow enough to fit easily through doorways. It’s cozy enough to hold my 8-month-old, yet gamely adjusts to accommodate my 4-year-old. The large wheels are large enough to absorb bumps, yet it’s slim when folded—and stands on its own!  It has a five-point harness yet has just two clips to buckle. It’s luxe enough to feel fancy but straightforward enough that it took me under 10 minutes to put together. Its folding mechanism is convenient and clever, despite requiring two hands. And the storage space? The basket holds a beefy 30 pounds.  When I travel during a testing period, which product I want to bring along is telling. When we headed out of town for the weekend this time, if you had peeked between the captain’s chairs in our packed minivan, you would have seen the Uppababy Cruz V2 nestled there. 
Britax B-Lively
 Stroller weight: 18.9 pounds 
   Stroller weight: 18.9 pounds   Max child weight: 55 pounds   Max basket weight: 10 pounds   Minimum age: 3 months (from birth with car seat)  Seat style: Forward-facing   Recline: Flat   Bassinet: None   Car seat compatibility: Britax with included adaptor   Handlebar: Not adjustable   Brake: Foot  Warranty: 2-year limited warranty  The Britax B-Lively is essentially a City Mini GT2 dupe. For about two-thirds of the price, you get a lot of the same functionality. The two strollers had similar (and adequate) cushioning, reclining seats, canopies, and folding mechanisms in a side-by-side comparison.  Like the City Mini GT2, the Britax B-Lively’s three-wheel design means it handles irregular terrain like sidewalks, streets, and grass well. It’s also about as lean and lightweight as it gets for a standard stroller. Of all the strollers I tested, this was the easiest to toss in my trunk and slide next to my entryway’s shoe pile. Likewise, assembly was a breeze. The Britax B-Lively took me a speedy five minutes to put together, even with my infant and preschooler on the scene.  It does come with tradeoffs. The brakes are a little flimsy feeling, for one. The handle wasn’t stellar—it’s covered in foam, which I could imagine getting ripped or stinky over time. It also does not have an adjustable handlebar to accommodate different heights and grip preferences. The only real bummer of this stroller is the basket. You access it from under the leg rest, which was annoying to negotiate with my 8-month-old, and basically a no-go with my 4-year-old.  Even without a kid in the stroller, the basket is lackluster. Its opening was too small to fit my lightly packed diaper bag. On the upside, there’s a clever built-in parent console with two generous pouches, and one zip pouch, which my 4-year-old used to store a very important light-up ball. Overall, the Britax B-Lively gets the job done and can’t be beat for the price. 
Bugaboo Fox 3
 Stroller weight: 26.9 pounds 
   Stroller weight: 26.9 pounds   Max child weight: 50 pounds   Max basket weight: 22 pounds   Minimum age: Birth   Seat style: Reversible   Recline: Flat   Bassinet: Included   Car seat compatibility: Nuna with the included adaptor   Handlebar: Telescoping   Brake: Foot   Warranty: 2 years (Extended to 3 if you register)  This stroller and I started off on the wrong wheel. It was the second-to-last stroller I assembled, and by then, I fancied myself something of a stroller assembly expert. Even so, the Bugaboo Fox 3 took me the longest to put together. The manual, whose nearly wordless explanations left something to be desired, was not particularly helpful. I definitely gave the stroller the stinkeye as I clicked all four (why so many!?) buckles to secure my baby in the rumble seat. Then I started walking.  The stroller glided like a majestic cruise ship, sturdy and smooth. The padded seat and gentle ride lulled my normally-too-curious-to-snooze baby to sleep. The large wheels were the best of any I tried at navigating rough seas that abound in my neighborhood (ok, ok, they’re sidewalks). When we docked at the neighborhood supermarket, the stroller was narrow enough not to be a nuisance in the aisles, and the hull had plenty of space for cargo. On the walk home I readily controlled the vessel with one hand, even loaded down with my 8-month-old and groceries for our family of five, and the wrist strap gave me the confidence I could do so safely, even in my hilly neighborhood. Ship metaphors aside, if you can get past the assembly, the Bugaboo Fox 3 is a magnificent stroller to use. Pretty much everything about it works well and feels high quality. The foot brake engages easily and effectively. The large canopy completely covers your baby. The bassinet—which comes with the stroller—is the kind of place you feel good setting your newborn. The seat—which you can position parent-facing or world-facing—tilts up and down. It fit my 4-year-old best of any in the testing batch.  When you’re not using it, you may find the Bugaboo Fox 3 to be a bit bulky. This isn’t the kind of gear you’ll want to lug on a bus every day, but, compared to others of its type, it was somehow less awkward to shlep up my front steps. Likewise, when collapsed, while the Bugaboo Fox 3 doesn’t have a slim profile per se, it does stand up on its own, which sometimes matters more. 
