TheBestCordlessLeafBlowersof2022
Ego Power+ LB7654


 Power: If you need a cordless blower to access the back corners of your yard, the high-powered Ego Power+ LB7654 is your best bet. This blower can move 765 cubic feet of air per minute and you can feel that power as soon as you hit the Thrust button. It has an intuitive design with buttons placed where the hand naturally falls. The speed control button has a tab that makes one-handed operation easy. Most of our tests were conducted on the low setting, as it has plenty of power to accomplish a variety of yard jobs.  The Thrust power button proved most effective at clearing out large, embedded piles of leaves, but that same power can also eliminate most of your mulch if you're not careful. It's all the power you need to take care of a large yard.  Comfort:  With the battery attached, the Ego LB7654 is well balanced. The motor is located in the middle of the blower and is well protected from pant legs and windbreakers. The design is streamlined and well thought out.  The only drawback to its design is the size of the battery. With the battery attached, the blower weighs in at a hefty 9.6 pounds. There are hooks on the blower for a shoulder strap, but no straps were included. Carrying this blower around the yard could become a chore in itself.  Noise:  The Ego registered 86 decibels on the lowest setting, so it is at the upper range of noise levels for a yard tool. This machine is perfect for larger yards where there is more room between homes.   Battery:  At 30 minutes, the Ego LB7654 had the best run-time of the cordless blowers we tested. 
Kobalt KHB 3040-06


 Power: Formerly our top cordless pick, the Kobalt KHB 3040-06 moves leaves and debris more quickly than most other cordless blowers in our testing, blowing out an estimated 480 CFM. It also has a variable-speed trigger and a Turbo button for increasing power to dislodge stubborn wet leaves.  And at a fraction of the price as our Best Overall pick, it's a great budget buy, as well.  Comfort: The Kobalt KHB 3040-06 also feels well-balanced and easy to carry, unlike other cordless models which are back-heavy due to battery weight.  Noise: Close up, it sounds like a household vacuum, not a gigantic grinding machine, although it isn’t quiet. Kobalt representatives say it has a noise rating of under 65 decibels at 50 feet, which means it meets most leaf blower noise laws. Of course, it’s much noisier for the person operating it, so wear ear protection to prevent hearing loss.  Battery: The one drawback to the Kobalt KHB 3040-06 is its relatively short running time. With the blower set on minimum power, the Kobalt ran for 16 minutes, 30 seconds on its lowest setting. If you’re thinking of running your blower continuously for a longer span, consider buying an extra battery. 
