TheBestElectricShaversForMenof2022
Philips Norelco 9500 (S9985/84)


 Unlike many of its predecessors, the Philips Norelco 9500’s ComfortGlide rings make circular-motion-shaving virtually friction-free. This is a major improvement for their rotary blade system. The shaver includes 72 self-sharpening blades which are guided by its Smart Hair sensor scanning system that adjusts to each hair for a consistently close and comfortable shave. The added bonus is that this shaver performs even better in the shower and with shaving cream. The 9500 comes with a Quick Clean Pod that makes post-shave cleanup a breeze. Simply place the shaver into the pod the cleaning solution inside will clean and lubricate the 9500’s blades, ensuring that it’s ready for the next time you need a shave. The Pod’s cleaning solution needs to be replaced on a regular basis. How often you replace it depends on how frequently you clean your shaver. Those who don’t want to fork over their hard-earned money in order to clean their razor will be happy to know that the 9500’s shaving heads can also be cleaned off under a running faucet. There’s no getting around the fact that this shaver comes with a lot of bells and whistles, chief among them the Philips Norelco GroomTribe app (available for iOS and Android Devices). I was skeptical of the app’s usefulness, at first. However, I was surprised to find that its tight integration with the 9500 offered a number of useful features.  While in use, the shaver’s Motion Control and Pressure Guard sensor monitors the user’s shaving routine and displays what amount of pressure is being used—too little, too much, or just the right amount—through a series of colored lights built into the 9500. This information is sent to the GroomTribe app and used to suggest how I might improve my shave. As I’m familiar with how challenging it can be to achieve a consistently close, comfortable shave with a rotary head shaver like this one, the feedback is most welcome.  Despite all of this shaver’s perks, the 9500 isn’t perfect. Its pop-up trimmer does not have enough cutting power to make it a useful grooming accessory. Nor can it be locked into place while in use, making it a challenge to use the trimmer for minor cleanups. 
Wahl LifeProof Shaver


 The Wahl Lifeproof Lithium-Ion Foil Shaver’s eye-catching yellow and black design made it stand out from the competition. Labeled as ‘practically indestructible', Wahl claims that the shaver can continue to work even if it falls into three feet of water. To test this, I turned the shaver on, tossed it into the shallow end of my swimming pool, and waited three minutes before retrieving it. I was pleased to find that it still worked great. While still wet from its swim, the Lifeproof’s ergonomic shape and rubber grips made it feel comfortable and secure in my hand.  The Lifeproof’s performance on all hair types (straight, curly, thick, and overly-curly) ranked surprisingly above average. This is quite a feat considering most foil shavers can find it challenging to deliver a close shave on wavy and curly beards without multiple passes. The Lifeproof shaver executed this with considerable ease. Its foiled shaving heads (“Flex Foils”) offer a nicely cushioned shave that navigates the face comfortably and effectively.  The precision trimmer located just behind the head, outperformed many of the shavers in this guide, making facial hair maintenance a breeze. After an hour’s worth of charing, the Lifeproof can run for 90 minutes. If you’re in need of a quick shave and forgot to charge it, a five-minute charge provides just enough runtime for a single shave.   The only drawback I discovered while testing the Life Proof is that it did not perform very well in the shower or with shaving cream, making it less competitive amongst its peers. 
