TheBestCreditCardsof2022
Chase Freedom Flex


 The Chase Freedom Flex is the latest card from Chase, and it offers a combination of flat cash-back rates and a rotating bonus category, so you can have the best of both worlds. The best news: All of these big-time benefits come at no cost, which is why it’s our best credit card with no annual fee. Points: All year round, cardholders earn 3% cash back on dining, including takeout and delivery orders from eligible services. You’ll also snag 3% on drugstore spending. Even better, travelers can earn 5% cash back when they book hotels, airfare, car rentals, and more through Chase Ultimate Rewards. Additionally, there’s a 5% bonus category that changes each quarter, which Chase usually announces a few weeks in advance. It may focus on specific retailers such as Amazon or Walmart. Or, it might include areas like groceries, wholesalers, or department stores. Just remember to activate the bonus category in order to grab the extra cash back, and take note that there’s a combined cap of $1,500 per quarter. For all of your spending in between, you’ll earn 1%. All in all, not too shabby. Perks: For the first 15 months, take advantage of 0% introductory APR on purchases (after which a variable rate between 17.24% and 25.99% applies). There’s also a few built-in Chase benefits, like cell phone protection, which means if you pay your monthly bill with your card, you’re covered up to $1,000 per year should your device be stolen or damaged. It comes with extended warranty protection and trip cancellation/interruption insurance as well. Learn more about the Chase Freedom Flex 
Citi Double Cash


 When it comes to unlimited cash-back credit cards, the standard rate is 1.5%. The Citi Double Cash card beats that at 2%, plus it makes redeeming points a breeze—a nice combination for those of us looking for a no-fuss rewards program. Oh, and there’s no annual fee. Points: You’ll earn unlimited 1% cash back on your purchases when you swipe your card, and another 1% when you make your minimum payment on time. If you regularly pay your bills, this is a 2% cash-back card with no spending caps. You can redeem cash back as ThankYou points to use in Citi’s rewards portal, or once you reach $25, as a statement credit, direct deposit, or check. Perks: Like most no-annual-fee credit cards, there’s not much in the way of extra benefits. At the moment, the Citi Double Cash card includes a balance transfer offer. While there is a balance transfer fee for any transactions you make within the first four months, there is a bit more wiggle room—18 months on balance transfers—to finish your payments. Keep in mind that after the introductory period, the variable APR will increase to 17.74% - 27.74%, based on your creditworthiness. Learn more about the Citi Double Cash 
Blue Cash Preferred Card from American Express


 These days, with the refrigerator mere feet from your makeshift work-from-home desk at the dining table, who isn’t spending a lot of money on groceries? The Blue Cash Preferred rewards you for your weekly errand, with a generous spending cap for the top rewards rate—a whopping 6%. For this reason, the Blue Cash Preferred is our best card for groceries.  There's a $0 intro annual fee for the first year, then $95 for each subsequent year. While the fee seems high, you can easily make up for it depending on your grocery budget. As always, terms apply. See rates and fees. Points: Each year, cardholders earn an impressive 6% back on up to $6,000 spent at U.S. supermarkets. Budget-wise, that works out to about $115 per week—after that, the rate drops to 1%.  Just note that like most credit cards that reward grocery spending, the terms exclude wholesale clubs like BJ’s and Costco as well as superstores such as Target and Walmart—but if that’s where you regularly spend your money, we have some recommendations. Beyond stocking your pantry, the Blue Cash Preferred rewards spending on select U.S. streaming services, with 6% cash back on payments to Apple Music, HBO Max, Netflix, and other platforms that fuel your workout soundtracks and weekend TV marathons. Cardholders also earn 3% on transit spending—think train fare, ride-shares, and parking—and at U.S. gas stations, plus 1% on other eligible purchases. Cardholders can redeem the cash-back as a statement credit. Perks: The Blue Cash Preferred is a solid choice for its introductory APR offer. You can make interest-free purchases and balance transfers for 12 months from the date of opening an account, after which a variable interest rate (17.74% to 28.74%) kicks in. See rates and fees as other terms apply. There is a fee of either $5 or 5% (whichever is greater) for each balance transfer.  There’s also a few built-in AmEx perks, including car rental loss and damage protection, return protection, and a Global Assist Hotline while you’re on the road. Learn more about the Blue Cash Preferred 
Discover it Secured


 Some of us have made mistakes and face a hard time getting approved for new accounts with bad credit. Or, we’re brand-new to credit altogether, which can lead to the same difficulties. Enter Discover it Secured, one of the rare secured cards that will help you get your credit on track and offers a rewards program. While approved applicants need to put down a deposit equivalent to their credit limit—at least $200 or as much as $2,500—it is refundable. Plus, there’s no annual fee. Points: Each quarter, cardholders earn 2% cash back on up to $1,000 at gas stations and restaurants—a potential annual return of $80 if you max out the spending cap. Everything else earns 1%. Perks: Discover matches the cash-back you earn in the first year. Translation: Rack up $100 in rewards, and they’ll add another $100 on top of that. After eight months, the issuer will review your account every billing cycle to see if you’re eligible to receive your security deposit back and upgrade to an unsecured card. You’ll also have access to your FICO score through the mobile app, your online account, and monthly statements to track your progress as you build your credit. You’ll get a pass on your first late payment, and won’t face a penalty APR. As always, we recommend paying your balance in full and on time every month—subsequent late payments incur a fee up to $40. Learn more about the Discover it Secured 
Capital One Quicksilver Cash Rewards Credit Card


 If you have a big purchase on the horizon, the Capital One Quicksilver Cash Rewards Credit Card is a great pick to help you save money. There’s no annual fee on this card, which also comes with a long-term 0% APR introductory period and solid cash back rewards programs. Points: The Capital One Quicksilver awards 1.5% cash back on all your purchases, no matter the vendor or price. So, if you buy a $1,000 item, you’ll receive $15 in points to redeem as a statement credit or check. And, because there’s no cap to the awards limit on your potential rewards, collecting points can pay big dividends in the long run term. Perks: You’ll get a $200 cash bonus after you spend $500 in the first three months—a pretty good reward for simply spending money. Add that to an introductory 0% APR for purchases (and balance transfers) during the first 15 months, and that $1,000 item becomes fifteen $67 dollar monthly payments. There is still a 3% fee on balance transfer amounts transferred within the first 15 months and once the grace period expires, the APR hikes to between 17.99%-27.99% (Variable). Learn more about the Capital One Quicksilver Cash Rewards Credit Card 
American Express® Business Gold Card


 With a $295 annual fee, the American Express® Business Gold Card can help you organize expenses and earn rewards for purchases you make to build your business. Keep in mind that terms and restrictions apply. See rates and fees. Points: You’ll earn points on any employee cards you set up, for a number of expenses including travel, computer equipment, shipping, and advertising, which could go a long way in helping you get your business off the ground. Specifically, you’ll get 4x Membership Rewards points on up to $150,000 in combined purchases in two categories where your business spent the most each billing cycle. If your business spends $150,000 on, say, software and online advertising, the primary account will receive 600,000 points to spend in the Membership Rewards portal, or cash out into your bank account. After that, you'll earn 1 point per dollar spent. Perks: You can earn a welcome offer of 70,000 Membership Rewards points after spending $10,000 within three months of account opening. The card also offers several expense management options. You can set up employee cards with customizable spending limits, transfer data from your American Express online statement directly into your QuickBooks account, and use a mobile app to add receipts and notes to transactions. Learn more about the American Express Business Gold 
Chase Sapphire Preferred


 The Chase Sapphire Preferred Card is a solid pick whether you're big on staycations, plan to sightsee abroad, or love to cruise the seas. The card's top-tier benefits come with a $95 annual fee, plus there's a major sign-up bonus for new cardholders. Points: The Sapphire Preferred card earns 2 Ultimate Rewards points per dollar spent on travel, or 5 points when booked through the Chase travel portal. Cardholders also earn 3 Ultimate Reward points for dining at restaurants, on takeout, and with eligible delivery services, and that same rewards rate applies to online grocery orders (except at Target, Walmart, and wholesale clubs).  All other purchases bring in 1 Ultimate Reward point per dollar. Points can then be used to book hotels, cruises, car rentals, vacation rentals, and more directly through Chase’s travel portal with a value of 1.25 cents per point ($0.0125). For additional flexibility, points can be transferred—at the same value—to Ultimate Rewards partners, including programs with Hyatt and United Airlines. If you just want the cash back, Ultimate Rewards points can be redeemed for cash at a rate of 1 point for $0.01. So, those 10,000 points could cover a $125 night in a partner hotel, or could put a cool $100 back in your bank account. Perks: The Sapphire Preferred has many great benefits in addition to how flexible the points are, and at the moment Chase offers a sign-up bonus for new cardholders: Spend $4,000 within the first three months of account opening, and you'll earn 60,000 points. That's $750 if you book travel through the issuer's portal. Year-round, it offers primary car rental insurance coverage, so you can avoid paying extra for insurance with the rental company. Primary means that if something happens to your rental car you won’t have to first make a claim with your own insurance policy. For jet-setters out there, it also doesn’t charge foreign transaction fees for any trips you make abroad, which is key to saving up to 3% on your purchases when you travel internationally. Learn more about the Chase Sapphire Preferred 
Chase Sapphire Reserve


 If you frequently travel abroad, you’ll save a lot on your trip if you have a credit card that doesn’t charge foreign transaction fees, and the Chase Sapphire Reserve is our top pick for this category. There is a $550 annual fee, however, the $300 annual travel credit, along with a few other perks, can make this card worth the cost. Points: Chase created a proprietary reward system called Ultimate Reward points. The Sapphire Reserve card offers 3 Ultimate Rewards points per dollar spent on all travel and dining purchases after you receive your $300 travel credit, and 1 Ultimate Reward point per dollar spent on everything else. The points can then be used to book hotels, cruises, car rentals, vacation rentals, and tourist activities directly through Chase’s travel portal at a rate of 1.5 cents per point ($0.015). For additional flexibility, points can also be transferred to partners like Hyatt and United Airlines. Or for a rewards boost, travelers can use their card to book excursions through the Chase portal and rack up 10 points per dollar on dining, hotel stays, and car rentals, and 5 points per dollar on flights. It's also possible to earn 80,000 bonus points if you spend $4,000 on purchases in the first 3 months of opening an account. That translates to $1,200 that can be used towards travel costs when redeemed through the Chase Ultimate Rewards program.  Perks: The Chase Sapphire Reserve offers purchase protection (basically, insurance for your purchases) and extended warranty protection (to extend the manufacturer's warranty for items you purchase) that may come in handy when purchasing kitchen appliances, televisions, and other big-ticket items. It also offers primary car rental insurance coverage up to $75,000 in physical damages or theft, meaning you don’t have to pay extra for the car rental company’s insurance, and if something happens to your rental car, you won’t have to make a claim to your own insurance policy first. You’ll benefit from trip delay coverage, trip cancellation coverage, and lost and damaged baggage coverage. What’s more, the Sapphire Reserve offers a $300 annual travel credit, where the first $300 in travel purchases (from taxi fares to hotels to flights) made on your card each year will be refunded via a statement credit, effectively reducing the annual fee to $250. As you’d expect with a premium travel card, You'll also receive a TSA PreCheck or Global Entry application fee credit (a $85 or $100 value) every four years, and a Priority Pass Select Membership, giving you access to more than 1,300 airport lounges across the world. Learn more about the Chase Sapphire Reserve 
Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Signature


 Facing a global pandemic, a lot of us turned to shopping on the internet. More specifically, we logged into Amazon. The e-commerce giant reported a huge surge in sales in a recent quarterly report as we tracked down toilet paper, hand sanitizer, and just about everything else from the comfort of our homes. If you’re a Prime member who already pays for perks like free two-day shipping, and the site is your go-to for household essentials, groceries, and everything in between, you might want to add the Amazon Prime Rewards card to your wallet. That goes extra if you’re a regular shopper at your nearby Whole Foods. Points: Eligible cardholders earn 5% cash back at Amazon and Whole Foods Market. For groceries, that includes shopping in-person, online orders with the supermarket chain, and even Amazon Fresh. While a slightly lower rate than our best credit card for groceries, this one does not have a spending cap. (One thing to note: Should you cancel your Prime membership, the cash-back percentage will be reduced to 3% for this category.) You’ll also rack up 2% on dining, gas, and drugstore purchases. For other spending, you’ll earn 1%. Perks: Travelers in particular may get some extra benefits out of this card. Take advantage of no foreign transaction fees, travel accident insurance, and reimbursements for delayed or missing luggage. Beyond that, cardholders also benefit from extended warranty protection and an auto rental collision damage waiver. Learn more about the Amazon Prime Rewards card 
