TheBestTofuPressesof2022
Noya Adjustable Tofu Press
 Material: BPA-free plastic 
   Material: BPA-free plastic  Dimensions: 7.48 x 5.11 x 6.49 inches Weight: 1.79 pounds Dishwasher-safe? Yes  This vibrant, BPA-free press produced some of the firmest tofu during testing, and it includes handy features that made my pressing experience as seamless as possible.  Once the tofu is placed in the removable drip tray, simply twist the silicone dial to your desired setting (the inch and centimeter measurements will help guide you to your perfect block), and wait. The excess water drips mess-free into the bottom of the container, and there's a built-in pour spout at the top to make draining extra easy. Once it's ready, removing the tofu is also a cinch, thanks to the handles on the removable drip tray (which I found can also double as a cutting surface). No more plopping tofu blocks with lingering water onto your countertop, hoping they don't break in the process. This press also comes with a marinating lid, so it can double as tupperware while your tofu soaks in your favorite sauce. When I tested this press, I found that it was able to produce firm, dry tofu in just 15 minutes with no cracks. It was also a breeze to clean, since I was able to toss all the parts right in the dishwasher (including the spring, which is made of rust-resistant stainless steel).  And aside from helpful instructions, the Noya press also comes with a cheesecloth, which can substitute paper towels for additional drying and other tasks like DIY cheesemaking.  If you're looking for a clever, easy-to-use press, this is a fantastic choice. 
TofuXpress TX1 Gourmet Food Press
 Material: Food-grade thermoplastic & stainless steel 
   Material: Food-grade thermoplastic & stainless steel  Dimensions: 5 x 5 x 5 inches Weight: 1.05 pounds Dishwasher-safe? Yes  You might be wondering why any tofu press should cost $50—especially when the structure and features are pretty straightforward. But hear us out: For those interested in investing in long-lasting, deeply effective kitchen tools, the TofuXpress is worth it. When I tested it, I found that it resulted in some seriously firm tofu after just 15 minutes. Plus, its easy-to-use structure and accompanying guidebook made it a great choice for tofu newbies and longtime lovers alike. It's also made from FDA-approved thermoplastic and stainless steel, so it's built to last and easy to clean. This press only has one press setting, but set-up is minimal and it doesn't require continuous tightening. So once you lock in the springed lid, you can leave it in the fridge for as long (or little) as you'd like. It's also unique in that the excess water collects at the top of the container, rather than the bottom; once you're ready to remove it, just tilt the press over the sink to drain all the water out. The container's base also doubles as a lid that's helpful for storing marinated tofu in the fridge. I was only hands-on with this tofu press for a short time, but I was encouraged by several Amazon reviewers who claimed that this product has lasted them years—sometimes close to a decade—without breaking. 
