TheBestWasherandDryerSetsof2022
LG WM9000HVA / DLEX9500K


 Dimensions: Washer: 40.75” x 29” x 33.75” Dryer: 40.88” x 29” x 33.38” (H x W x D)  Finish: Graphite steel Orientation: Front-load Stackable: Yes Special features: Smart features, energy monitoring, remote start Not only has the LG WM9000HVA washing machine and LG DLEX9000V dryer won our Editor’s Choice badge, it’s won our coveted Best of Year award. This pair is one of the best washer and dryer sets we’ve tested to date. The large capacity LG washing machine offers a steam cycle, a sanitizing wash, and a sleek look. Not to mention it impressed us by how well it cleaned, removing about 81% of the stains in our tests, which makes it one of the highest performing washers to ever come through our labs.  Users will notice its angled basin, which makes it easier to unload your laundry after a wash. Do note that this washer’s 29-inch width is 2 inches wider than most other washers on the market. Likewise, its matching 9-cubic-foot (who doesn’t love a large load) LG dryer works better than most dryers we've tested—it got the laundry in both the normal and bulky cycles 100% dry.  This dryer can easily deal with a variety of fabric types and item sizes—it has no trouble with big items like comforters, and gets shirts wrinkle-free. Even though it's a big investment, we say its performance justifies the cost. 
Samsung WF45R6100AW / DVE45R6100W


 Dimensions: Washer: 38.7” x 27” x 31.3” Dryer: 38.7” x 27” x 31.5” (H x W x D)  Finish: Champagne, platinum, white Orientation: Front-load Stackable: Yes Special features: Steam wash, self-clean, smart care  On our list of best washer and dryer sets, the Samsung WF45R6100AW washer washer and the Samsung DVE45R6100C dryer come out on top as our best value pick. This affordable Samsung washer boasts an amazing number of wash cycle options, and its heavy cycle cleans near-perfectly with one of the best stain removing cycles we’ve ever seen. This washer is a little harder—wear-and-tear-wise—on clothes than we’d like, but the trade-off for its excellent stain removal is worth it. Uniquely, this Samsung washer uses steam cleaning in half of its available cycles, including normal, heavy, and sanitize. If you need a washer to tackle your toughest, dirtiest laundry, this one won’t let you down. For its part, the dryer has a killer normal cycle—getting wet laundry 100% dry in under an hour—one of the most effective normal cycles we’ve ever seen. Additional steam cycles and cycle customization options add to this Samsung dryer’s appeal. 
LG WT7900HBA / DLEX7900


 Dimensions: Washer: 44.5” x 27” x 28.38” Dryer: 44.5” x 27” x 29.5” (H x W x D) Finish: Black steel, white Orientation: Top-load Stackable: No Special features: Remote start, smart capabilities, steam cycles Laundry traditionalists will always prefer top-loaders vs front-loaders. If this sounds like you, this workhorse of a washer-dryer pair from LG will be right up your alley.  The LG WT7900HBA top-loading washer and the LG DLEX7900BE dryer can handle lots of laundry and lots of different laundry situations. This LG washer’s cycle times are short, including the heavy duty cycle, which performed the best in our stain removal tests and takes less than two hours to run. It also boasts the Allergiene cycle, which claims to remove pet dander and dust mites, and seven steam cycles.  When tested, the dryer got our laundry loads more than 80% dry, but the speed dry and delicate cycles are highly effective. It’s also full of neat cycle options and features, including an anti-bacterial cycle and wrinkle care.  A huge perk, the dryer door can open to the side or open downward, giving you flexibility when it comes to popping wet, heavy laundry loads into the dryer without wrenching your back. 
LG WashTower WKEX200HBA


 Dimensions: 74.38” x 27” x 30.38” (H x W x D) Finish: White, black steel Orientation: Front-load Stackable: n/a (single unit) Special features: Built-in intelligence, TurboWash 360, Wi-Fi capabilities, smart capabilities The LG WashTower WKEX200HBA makes shopping for washers and dryers a lot easier, as you only have to buy one machine, rather than two.  This fully integrated laundry center, meaning it's all one unit rather than two stacked units, features a single, slim design to help it fit into smaller spaces.  The LG WashTower that we lab tested offered an above-average performance and got our laundry up to 4% cleaner than average. Plus, it did so in record time.  Drying, too, is a breeze. The dryer coordinates with the washer to automatically assign an appropriate drying cycle based on what you selected for the washer. But you can also make manual cycle selections.  We don't see many washer-dryer pairs that feature such great performance at such a low price. 
Miele WXR860WCS / TXR860WP


 Dimensions: Washer: 33.5” x 23.5” x 25.3”  Dryer: 33.5” x 23.5” x 25.4” (H x W x D) Finish: White Orientation: Front-load Stackable: Yes Special features: Remote monitoring, auto detergent dispensing For the very specific consumer who needs a compact washer and dryer set, the Miele WXR 860WCS compact washer and the Miele TXR860WP Eco & Steam compact dryer is a solid bet, although you’ll pay for it. This Miele compact front-load washer has versatility and innovations that we’d normally see on a full-sized flagship model. For example, its TwinDos feature utilizes pre-filled detergent and oxygen bleach cartridges to automatically dispense the correct amount of detergent, giving you the optimum clean.  Its normal cycle is one of the best in its class when it comes to cleaning, combining high-tech features with good-old-fashioned scrubbing.   Miele’s matching dryer features temperatures that are gentle on clothes and 19 specialty cycles to take care of your clothing without adding wear and tear.  All of the cycles we ran lasted over an hour, offering longer drying times than vented dryers, but what it lacks in speed it makes up for in quality. In the upper left corner of the machine, you’ll find a water jug into which the condensation from your laundry empties. You will have to manually empty it when it reaches maximum capacity. 
