TheBestLeafBlowersof2022
Worx WG520


 Power: This tornado of a leaf blower claims it can move 600 cubic feet of air per minute—the second-highest CFM measurement in our testing—and it’s easy to believe. The Worx WG520 was unmatched in its ability to clear leaves off any surface from a distance, including wet, matted leaves glued to the pavement.  If you’re not looking to blow all your potted plants off the porch, though, the Worx has a speed dial to adjust its air blasts from hurricane pounding down to normal leaf-blower levels.  For $60, you’re getting an effective, powerful machine.  Comfort:  At 7.2 pounds, the Worx WG520 is easy to carry. Aesthetically, it looks less like a radioactive “Fortnite” gun than any other blower we tested.  Noise:  The Worx’s one downfall is that it’s loud for a corded pick, spewing up to 82 decibels at its highest speed. The noise is higher-pitched than landscapers’ gasoline-powered blowers, and less annoying at a distance, but you should still wear ear protection when you use this blower. 
Ego Power+ LB7654


 Power: If you need a cordless blower to access the back corners of your yard, the Ego Power+ LB7654 is your best bet. This battery-powered leaf blower can move 765 cubic feet of air per minute and you can feel it as soon as you hit the Thrust button. It has an intuitive design, with buttons placed where the hand naturally falls. The speed control button has a tab that makes one-handed operation easy. Most of our tests were conducted on the low setting, as there is plenty of power to accomplish a variety of yard jobs.  The Thrust power button proved most effective at clearing out large, embedded piles of leaves, but that same power can also eliminate most of your mulch if you're not careful. It's all the power you need to take care of a large yard.  Comfort:  With the battery attached, the Ego LB7654 is very well balanced. The motor is located in the middle of the blower, and is well protected from pant legs and windbreakers. The design is streamlined and well thought out.  The only drawback to its design is the size of the battery. With the battery attached, the blower weighs in at a hefty 9.6 pounds. There are hooks on the blower for a shoulder strap, but no straps were included. Carrying this blower around the yard could become a chore in itself.  Noise:  The Ego registered 86 decibels on the lowest setting, so it is at the upper range of noise for a yard tool. This machine is perfect for larger yards where there is more room between homes.   Battery:  At 30 minutes, the Ego LB7654 had the best run-time of the cordless blowers we tested. 
Sun Joe SBJ597E


 Power: Will the Sun Joe SBJ597E clean out a one-acre lot in 10 minutes or dislodge wet, stuck-on leaves? No. But if you’re looking for a small blower that packs a punch for clearing out small areas, the Sun Joe is a great model at a great price.  At less than $20, it’s a no-brainer.  The Sun Joe puts out 260 CFM of power, and its tube is narrow, so you can clear precise areas fast. Unlike the Worx, which could strip your entire flower bed of vegetation in seconds if someone bumped your elbow, the Sun Joe has only one speed setting for a moderate flow of air. You’d have to work pretty hard to destroy your garden plants. Comfort: Lightweight and compact, the Sun Joe SBJ597E weighs under 4 pounds and can fit in a large shoebox once you remove the blow tube.  Noise: The Sun Joe SBJ597E is on the loud side, so wear ear protection when you use it. 
