TheBestKnifeSetsof2022
Misen Essentials 7-Piece Knife Set
 Blade material: High-carbon stainless steel
   Blade material: High-carbon stainless steel  Included: 8-inch chef’s knife, 7.5-inch santoku knife, 9.5-inch serrated bread knife, 5.5-inch utility knife, 3.5-inch paring knife, kitchen shears  Storage: Walnut wood block  This knife set has everything you need, is comfortable to use, and won’t break the bank. The Misen Essentials 7-piece Knife Set topped our recent testing and impressed us with how pleasant it was to use each piece of the set.  In addition to the basics—the chef’s knife, paring knife and bread knife—this 7-piece set includes a santoku knife that’s perfect for chopping vegetables and a utility knife that’s perfect for cheese, apples, and smaller vegetables like shallots, plus kitchen sheers and a beautiful walnut storage block.  Each knife has a sloped bolster, which means it’s easier to learn how to properly grip the knife on the blade instead of by the handle. We love that Misen provides instructions with every knife for how to properly hold, use, and care for it. We also love the Japanese-style, 15-degree edge on these knives. Combine that with the blades’ thinness, and you get a sharp knife that doesn’t snag when it cuts through food.  The serrated bread knife is sharp enough to cut through crusty baguettes without having to apply firm pressure, and it won't snag on harder parts of sandwiches—like bacon in a BLT.  We love that the paring knife is comfortable to use both on the cutting board and when hovering above to core tomatoes or strawberries, too. The kitchen shears are comfortable to hold and have a sharp point that’s perfect for snipping twine, or my favorite use, slicing pizza.  This set fits into any kitchen. It’s great for beginners, but that doesn’t mean it’s not also a good fit for more experienced cooks. The knives are sharp enough to tackle heavy-duty tasks, and the high-carbon stainless steel is lightweight enough to use for extended periods.  The double-riveted handles (available in four colors) are a little on the heavy side, but they work with the lightweight blades to create a nice balance while you use the knife and contribute to an overall sturdiness that we love.  Misen also offers 3-piece and 5-piece Essentials sets, so if you already have storage, or are looking for fewer pieces, you can still take advantage of the savings a set affords. 
Mercer Culinary Genesis 6-Piece Forged Knife Block Set, Tempered Glass Block
 Blade material: Carbon steel
   Blade material: Carbon steel  Included: 8-inch chef’s knife, 3.5-inch paring knife, 8-inch serrated bread knife, 5-inch utility knife, 6-inch boning knife  Storage: Tempered glass block  It's easy to like the Mercer Culinary Genesis 6-piece Forged Knife Block Set with Tempered Glass Block. The set provides the essential knives plus a bonus boning knife, although it's one of the few that doesn't include a honing steel or shears.  Still, it’s hard to complain, considering you’ll receive five impressively sharp knives that perform as well as sets three times the price. In addition to the sharp blades, each knife has a great balance and we love the grip of the handles. The serrated knife is one of our favorites in the group. Mercer is a major supplier of culinary school knife kits. Because of its performance and low price, it's easy to see why we chose this set as our Best Value pick. 
