TheBestNoAnnualFeeCreditCardsof2022
Chase Freedom Flex


 The Chase Freedom Flex tops our list of the best no-annual-fee credit cards. It has a unique rewards program that offers revolving categories and flat rewards rates for travel, dining, and drugstore shopping. Points: Cardholders earn 5% cash back on up to $1,500 spent in revolving categories—so long as you activate the offer, each quarter. In 2022, the 5% category in Q1 includes eBay and grocery stores (excluding Walmart and Target). Previous bonus categories have included spending on streaming platforms, gym memberships, and cable and phone services, plus retailers such as Amazon, Whole Foods, and wholesale clubs like Costco and BJ’s.  You also get an unlimited 5% back on travel booked through Chase Ultimate Rewards, 3% back at restaurants (including takeout), and 3% back at drugstores. All other purchases earn an unlimited 1% cash back. Perks: The Chase Freedom Flex is our favorite overall pick because there’s even more perks at no additional cost. For instance, you’ll get a $200 bonus after you spend $500 on purchases within the first three months, or you can take advantage of cell phone insurance by using the card to pay your monthly bill. Additionally, Chase offers an introductory 0% APR for 15 months on new purchases before the variable rate based on your creditworthiness (17.24% - 25.99%) kicks in. Learn more about the Chase Freedom Flex 
Blue Cash Everyday Card from American Express


 The Blue Cash Everyday includes a great welcome offer as well as the opportunity to earn points on everyday purchases (hence, the name). If you want a solid, no-annual-fee card with an easy-to-manage rewards program, then this may be the card for you. See rates and fees. Points: On the first $6,000 you spend at U.S. supermarkets every year, you’ll earn 3% cash back (and then you’ll earn 1% afterward). For someone who spends around $115 per week stocking their pantry, this is one of the best credit cards for groceries you’ll find. Cardholders also earn 3% at U.S. gas stations on up to $6,000 per year, then 1%. All other purchases earn 1%. Cash back is received in the form of Reward Dollars, which can be redeemed for statement credits once the balance reaches $25. Perks: With the Blue Cash Everyday, you can earn a $100 welcome offer after spending $2,000 in purchases within six months from account opening. Additionally, cardholders can earn 20% back as a statement credit (up to $150) on purchases when using their new card to check out with PayPal in the first 6 months. There’s also a 0% introductory APR on purchases for 15 months, though the variable rate will increase to 17.74% - 28.74% after the promotional period. See rates and fees as terms apply. Learn more about the Blue Cash Everyday 
Citi Double Cash


 Who can argue about cold hard cash that can be used for anything you want? This is one of the simplest cash rewards credit cards out there—and it offers a great rate. Similar to the other cards on this list, it doesn’t have an annual fee. Points: The Citi Double Cash is simple and straightforward yet very rewarding. It offers 1% cash back on every purchase when you swipe your card and another 1% when you pay off your balance.  Assuming you do both, the Citi Double Cash ends up being a 2% cash-back card. That rate is higher than other unlimited cash-back cards that don’t have an annual fee. The Capital One Quicksilver Cash Rewards Credit Card, for example, maxes out at 1.5%. Your rewards can be redeemed as a statement credit and used for whatever your heart desires. Perks: As you’d expect, cards that don’t have annual fees lack much in the way of additional perks, and the Citi Double Cash doesn’t really stand out here. It does, however, offer one of the best 0% APR periods for balance transfers available.  You’ll get an introductory 0% APR period for 18 months on balance transfers completed within four months of opening the account. During those four months, you'll only have to pay a 3% balance transfer fee (after the introductory period, that raises to 5% of each transfer), so do the math. And keep in mind that after the introductory period, the variable APR will increase to 17.74% - 27.74%, based on your creditworthiness. Learn more about the Citi Double Cash 
Discover it Secured


 If you’ve made some mistakes with credit in the past, you might be dealing with a bad credit score. That often means having a hard time getting approved for an unsecured card and missing out on rewards programs and other perks. We’ve rounded up some of the best secured credit cards out there, and this one, which comes with rare benefits, happens to top our list. The Discover it Secured is a great option if you need to build your credit history with the major credit bureaus but still want to earn rewards. Upon approval, you’ll have to put down a security deposit of at least $200. That amount will equal your credit line, and it is fully refundable when you close the account in good standing or convert it to an unsecured card. Points: As far as earning points goes, you’ll get 2% cash back at gas stations and restaurants on up to $1,000 in combined purchases each quarter. You’ll also earn 1% on all other purchases. Perks: Not unlike the Discover it, the issuer will match the cash back earned during the first year. Rack up $100 in rewards, and that’s $200 total in your pocket. This secured card also has two other great perks to help you rebuild credit. First, you’ll get free access to your credit score on monthly statements, through Discover's mobile app, and online so that you can monitor any changes to your FICO score. You’ll also have the ability to activate free alerts should Discover come across your Social Security number on any of thousands of Dark Web sites. Learn more about the Discover it Secured 
Capital One VentureOne Credit Card


 Looking to add a miles card to your wallet? The VentureOne has an uncomplicated program that rewards you with miles for every purchase, and there’s even an introductory bonus that can offer a windfall for your next trip.  Points: Cardholders earn 1.25 miles per dollar on every purchase. You can book excursions through the issuer's online portal (where hotel stays and rental cars earn 5 miles per dollar) and then redeem rewards for a statement credit to pay yourself back. You can also use miles to make purchases through PayPal or Amazon. Perks: There’s 0% introductory APR for 15 months on new purchases and balance transfers—after which a variable rate (17.99% - 27.99%) applies there's also a 3% fee on the amounts transferred within the first 15 months—and you can also rack up 20,000 miles if you spend $500 on purchases within the first three months. Learn more about the Capital One VentureOne 
Amazon Prime Rewards card


 If you’re a Prime member and you’ve noticed an uptick in your Amazon spending, you may benefit from using the Amazon Prime Rewards Visa Signature for your online shopping hauls. With this card in your arsenal, you’ll get cash back when you shop at Amazon and Whole Foods Market, the supermarket chain purchased by the retail giant in 2017. Points: Cardholders earn 5% cash back—yes, 5%—at Amazon and Whole Foods Market, and that includes grocery orders through Amazon Fresh as well as Whole Foods’ website. Beyond that, you’ll score 2% at gas stations, restaurants, and drugstores, and 1% on everything else. Perks: You get an instant Amazon gift card upon approval—we’ve seen this range from $50 to $100. Plus, the card has travel benefits that may come in handy, such as no foreign transaction fees, lost luggage reimbursement, and travel accident insurance. Learn more about the Amazon Prime Rewards card 
Discover it
Q1: Grocery stores and gym memberships
 The Discover it is a 5% revolving quarterly rewards card that packs a punch. That’s because Discover matches the rewards you earn the first year, and there’s an intro 0% APR offer for balance transfers and new purchases. Points: You earn 5% cash back on the first $1,500 spent in revolving categories—just be sure to activate the offer each quarter. Beyond that, you get 1% on everything else. The 5% rewards categories for 2022 include the following:   Q1: Grocery stores and gym memberships Q2: Gas stations and Target Q3: Restaurants and PayPal Q4: Amazon.com and digital wallets such as Apple Pay   Perks: Cardholders get a dollar-for-dollar cash-back match for the first year. Say you earn $200 in cash back. Discover will give you another $200.  Plus, there’s 0% APR for 14 months on purchases and balance transfers. But watch out for the fee—there’s an introductory balance transfer fee of 3%, and then a standard fee of 5% after the intro deal expires. Before you transfer your balance, ask yourself these questions to see if the move makes sense for your financial situation. Learn more about the Discover it 
