TheBestArtificialChristmasTreesof2022
Twinkly App-Controlled 7.5' Fir Tree (TWT400SPP-BUS)


 Of all the artificial trees we’ve tested, the Twinkly Christmas tree is the best artificial Christmas tree we've come across for several reasons. It looks and feels realistic, with sturdy branches and thick plastic Fir tree needles made from PE and PVC materials. The tree, which comes in three sections, is ready for decorating almost right out of the box (very minimal fluffing required).  However, one of our favorite things about this pre-lit tree is that it can be controlled via the Twinkly app where you can create custom lighting scenes and displays for a truly unique Christmas tree experience. In the app, you can choose from preset color schemes and create your own patterns, as well as choose from a rainbow wheel of colors and shades of whites to finally settle that longstanding household debate of white versus multi color tree lights. With an app-controlled tree, you also have the added benefit of remote management features like creating on/off schedules and controlling light brightness. And, for any smart home aficionados out there, this tree is also compatible with voice assistants Alexa and Google Assistant. (A Wi-Fi/Bluetooth connection is required to pair the tree with the app.)  The Twinkly tree we tested stands 7.5-feet tall but it is also available in 5- and 6-foot sizes. Included with the tree is a dark green metal stand that can easily be covered with a standard tree skirt, but a tree storage back is not.  The Twinkly tree is covered in 400 LED lights that look a bit different from the bulbs you’ll find on traditional strands of tree lights, with a flat head instead of a candle-esqe top. The power cord is long enough that you shouldn’t need to use an extension cord.  If you’re looking for an artificial tree that’s ready to go out of the box, the Twinkly tree is the one you want. From its authentic look and feel to ease of use with pre-lit, app-controlled lights, the Twinkly artificial tree is one the whole family can get behind. 
Best Choice Products Pre-Lit Spruce, 7.5'


 Artificial Christmas trees can be costly, with some running up well over a grand. If your budget can’t accommodate that kind of hit, you can still get a good-looking one for less.  PE trees, like the most highly rated on our list, cost more than PVC (polyvinyl chloride), because they are more realistic looking (especially up close), more durable, and last longer. This said, once decorated and lit, all the trees we tested look fairly magical.  Best Choice Products Pre-Lit Spruce offers great value for the price. Our initial disappointment in how it looked straight out of the box, coupled with the papery feel of its PVC needles, changed to a happy surprise by the time we had fluffed all the branches. It struck a nice balance between full branches and a restrained silhouette that fits nicely into the corner of a room.  Set up is straightforward, and while connecting the lights between the tree’s three sections is required, the process went smoothly and the entire tree lit up at once. Decorated and illuminated, this tree could pass as real. 
National Tree Company Downswept Douglas Green Fir, 7.5'


 This is a realistic, mostly PE tree, and, with a maximum width of almost 5 feet across, it is generously proportioned.  Set up and break down are easy, but the fact that it weighs 50 pounds should be considered. We had a little trouble separating the top two sections during disassembly. (After the fact, we noted that this optional tip was given in the instructions: Lubricating middle section pole ends prior to assembly will make sections easier to separate when disassembling to store).  In appearance, the Downswept Douglas Green Fir is quite lovely. It boasts National Tree Company’s “Feel Real” technology that produces branch tips that are molded from actual branches and give the tree its lush look.  There is also ample decorating space, thanks to nearly 2,000 crush-resistant branch tips. 
Best Choice Products Pre-Lit Snow Flocked Artificial Pine Christmas Tree w/ Warm White Lights (7.5')


 A flocked artificial Christmas tree like the Best Choice Products Pre-Lit Snow Flocked Artificial Tree can create a cozy winter wonderland right in your living room. The snow-covered branches, covered in 550 warm white lights, are soft to the touch and easy to fluff.  On the downside, this tree is a mess, flaking off fake snow all throughout the fluffing process. Additionally, adding to the mess is the fact that the tree requires ample fluffing—up to two hours of your time. We enlisted some special elves to help us fluff this tree faster, but it still took three of us almost an hour.  Be prepared for the tree to shed any time you touch it, including when hanging ornaments, so homes with curious pets and small children may want to steer clear of this option and check out our No. 1 pick. The branches are bendable but are fairly forgiving, so avoid hanging heavy ornaments on this tree.  This is a stunning flocked tree that you’ll want to “set and forget,” allowing you to admire its wintery beauty from a distance without all the mess. 
