TheBestNonstickPansof2022
OXO Non-Stick Pro 10-inch Open Frypan


 We were pleasantly surprised when one of the least expensive pans we tested also received the highest scores. OXO’s attention to detail rarely disappoints, and this 10-inch Non-Stick Pro Open Fry Pan was a winner from the beginning. The long metal handle was smooth with an ergonomic design that was comfortable to hold and balance, and it stays cool during use. The OXO aced all our tests. Fried eggs moved freely around in the pan without any cooking oil, and the angle of its edges made it effortless to flip over-easy eggs with the flick of a wrist. The omelet we made didn’t stick or leave any residue in the pan, and we ended up with a dish we’d be proud to serve at a restaurant. The product heated quickly, and when we added room-temperature water to the heated pan, it recovered its original temperature within one minute. That heat recovery was further evidenced by our pancake test, creating a light and fluffy pancake that had even browning on both sides. We had no problems naming this 3-layer PTFE, heavy-gauge anodized aluminum pan our choice for Best Overall. In fact, I ordered a set of 8- and 10-inch pans for my home kitchen right after testing it! The only flaw we could find is that it’s not induction-capable. 
GreenPan Valencia Pro Ceramic Nonstick 11" Fry Pan


 When it comes to ceramic nonstick skillets, there are a lot of beautiful options on the market, but we prefer function over aesthetics. That’s not to say the GreenPan Valencia Pro 11-inch Ceramic Nonstick Fry Pan doesn't look good—it does—that’s just not its priority. In regular, everyday use it performs as well as its PTFE counterparts even if it doesn't have quite the same eye-catching appeal as its ceramic competitors.  Fried eggs cook without sticking and scrambled eggs leave no trace. Sauces reduce perfectly and quesadillas brown beautifully. In addition to its superior nonstick qualities, this pan browns meat exceptionally well and creates a true fond (the browning on the pan where all the flavor is) while still deglazing and cleaning up with little effort.  The GreenPan Valencia Pro is lightweight and easy to maneuver, allowing us to flip a few eggs at one time with the flick of the wrist. It also heats evenly and retains heat well. It's oven and broiler-safe up to 600°F and works with induction cooktops. This skillet also comes as part of an 11-piece set, which includes all the pots, pans, and skillets you need to cook and entertain with ease. 
All-Clad 4110 NS R2 10-inch


 All-Clad’s USA-made, bonded stainless-steel pans regularly top performance lists. They make our favorite stainless-steel skillet, so we weren’t surprised their nonstick aced our tests.  This pan features their renowned all-clad stainless-steel bottom with three layers of PFOA-free nonstick coating. Although we recommend hand-washing nonstick pans, it is dishwasher-safe and oven-safe to up to 500 degrees Fahrenheit. The induction-compatible All-Clad earned top marks on all our tests. Omelets slid easily on the surface, and pancakes turned out light and fluffy. Of all the pans in our test group, the All-Clad was the quickest to warm up and provided the most even heating, browning both sides of the pancake nicely.  It was one of the heaviest pans we tested, but the straight handle design balanced the weight well. While it was slightly too hefty to flip eggs, the nonstick coating still performed. The eggs released easily, and we could flip them with the flick of a spatula, even without cooking oil. Our only significant complaint is the lofty price tag. All-Clad backs their cookware with a limited lifetime guarantee, but they don’t cover normal wear and tear. Several Amazon reviewers note that the warranty doesn’t cover scratches to the nonstick surface, so you’ll want to take very good care of this expensive pan to avoid longevity issues. 
