TheBestIncontinenceUnderwearof2022
Thinx Speax Hiphugger


 Thinx Speax incontinence underwear is one of the highest quality pairs we tested and is far from the image you may have of "adult diapers." The reusable Speax panties are ultra comfortable, thanks to their soft nylon-spandex blend and high quality stitching. We didn’t notice any fading, fraying, or other signs of wear after three wash/dry cycles during testing, and one of our testers who continued using Speax regularly is impressed with how well they’ve held up after nearly six months of occasional use. Not that we’re surprised: They’re from the makers of Thinx, the same company that makes the best period underwear we've tested.  In addition to its quality construction, the Speax underwear, which we reviewed in the hiphugger style, is also stylish for a garment that’s designed to be utilitarian. The seamless, inconspicuous design eliminates any worries you might have about visible panty lines or unsightly bunching. The various cuts—bikini, high-waist, French cut, thong, and hiphugger—are available in women’s sizes XS to 3X and a number of colors and patterns. Because they can absorb up to 8 teaspoons of fluid, these underpants work well for those dealing with mild incontinence. But if you require a more absorbent pair, read on. 
Always Discreet Maximum Protection Underwear


 Those experiencing heavy incontinence will want to try Always’ Discreet, a disposable, single-use, pull-up underwear that’s highly absorbent. We found that the Always Discreet was able to absorb a full cup of water during our tests while leaving little to no dampness on the underlying towel placed to absorb overflow. This result makes them our number one pick for heavy leakage. Unfortunately, a design that’s built to absorb more liquid means a sacrifice or two in other areas, namely style and comfort. According to our testers, these panties, which we tested in the "maximum protection" style, are not so discreet, as they leave a visible panty line and even crinkle slightly when you walk. According to one tester, "They were fine under sundresses, but wearing them to work out under leggings was not cute!"  However, our testers were able to forgive these negatives because the underpants earned such high marks for absorbency. And the Always Discreet is one of the most attractive and comfortable single-use panties (for what that’s worth). It still makes you feel like you’re wearing regular underwear, even if each pair is designed to be thrown away after a day of use.  The Always Discreet comes in sizes S/M to XXL and in a limited color selection, including white, black, and pale pink. The ones we tested are lightly scented for odor control, and our testers didn’t find the scent overwhelming or unpleasant. A fragrance-free version is also available. 
