TheBestStrollerWagonsof2022
Gladly Anthem4
 Stroller weight: 42 pounds
   Stroller weight: 42 pounds  Max child weight: 50 pounds  Max basket weight: 250 pounds  Seat style: Raised bench seats, with a stow-away mattress for lie-flat use  Folding style: Standing fold or lie flat for storage  Canopy style: Collapsible double canopies with breathable mesh inserts  Brake: Foot  Restraints: A 3-point safety harness in each seat  Perks: Parent cup holder and storage area, four child cupholders, a snack tray, and interior mesh pockets.  I’m a picky mom. I want pretty much everything I buy for my kids to work well, last forever, look cool, and I want to feel like I got maximum bang for my buck on whatever my purchase was.  Gladly Family’s Anthem4 stroller wagon not only met all those criteria, but it surpassed them. It’s got a great turning radius, ample cup holders and kid-friendly pockets, and it’s available in colors that look sleek and stylish.  I like that it’s low-profile enough that my kids can climb in and out on their own, meaning I don’t have to fuss with them between every single attraction at the zoo, based on whatever their 4-year-old whims might be. The materials feel substantial and durable, but also not swanky enough that I would feel iffy taking a hose to them after a rogue ice cream incident. While I think it could certainly hold four kids, it’s also not overly huge, coming in at 41 inches long by 30 inches wide. At 40 pounds, it supposedly weighs a bit more than some of the other wagons I tested, but it feels lighter, perhaps because it’s easier to pick up because of the way it folds flat.  My main quibble is the brake, which I found to be more fussy than those on some of the other wagons. I like that it’s just the one piece in the middle of the wagon, rather than being on one of the front wheels, but I found myself questioning if I’d pressed it hard enough, and when I wore sandals, I’d often feel it slipping between my foot at my shoe, meaning I really had to be intentional about when I wanted to throw it down. All that being said, it was easy to assemble, fairly user-friendly, and handled well on street surfaces. I thought the Anthem4 also handled well on loose gravel, sand, and uneven ground, and I also enjoyed that the Anthem4’s adjustable handle is a sort of hybrid between a traditional wagon handle and a stroller handle, meaning it’s comfortable to both push or pull, no matter the terrain. 
Gladly Anthem2
 Stroller weight: 40 pounds
   Stroller weight: 40 pounds  Max child weight: 50 pounds  Max basket weight: 150 pounds  Seat style: Raised bench seats, with a stow-away mattress for lie-flat use  Folding style: Standing fold or lie flat for storage  Canopy style: Collapsible double canopies with breathable mesh inserts  Brake: Foot  Restraints: A 3-point safety harness in each seat  Perks: Parent cup holder and storage area, two child cupholders, a snack tray, and interior mesh pockets.  While I tested wagons that were cheaper than the Anthem2, I generally found most of them lacking in some respect. I genuinely feel like one would be wise to spend more on the Anthem2, especially if you’re planning on using this wagon throughout your child’s formative years. If you invest in the car seat adapter, you can use this wagon from day one, meaning you could just skip owning a stroller—or a double stroller—all together. Given that the Anthem2 is basically the same wagon as the Anthem4, just smaller, I really couldn’t find much fault in it. My one quibble is that it only folds flat, meaning that if you’re driving a sedan, you might want to take stock of how much stuff you really need to have in your trunk if you’re also planning on throwing this wagon into the mix. 
Joey Stroller Wagon
 Stroller weight: 37 pounds, including fabric
   Stroller weight: 37 pounds, including fabric  Max child weight: 55 pounds  Seat style: Raised bench seats, but no mattress  Folding style: Standing fold or lie flat for storage  Canopy style: One UPF 50+ collapsible canopy included. Can purchase a second one separately  Brake: Foot  Restraints: A 3-point safety harness in each seat  Perks: Mesh footwell, storage basket, key slot, snack tray, and big cup holder  The Joey Wagon isn’t cheap, but if you’re looking for a sleek and stylish wagon that can turn on a dime, this could be the pick for you. I liked its relatively small footprint, and how easy it was to lift.  While my husband didn’t like the button you had to click on the wagon’s handle to make the lever go up and down, I didn’t mind it once I figured out where not to put my hand while we were walking.  The one thing I will say about the Joey Wagon is that, for something that’s fairly pricey, it certainly doesn’t come with a lot of perks. Only one canopy is included in the purchase, which is fine if you just have one kid, but if you have two or you want full bucket coverage, you’re going to have to buy a second one.  The cup holder and snack tray is nice, but given the wagon’s smaller size, if you have older kids, their knees might bang into it, making more of a mess than using the tray is really worth. 
