TheBestEspressoMachinesof2022
Breville Barista Touch
 Dimensions: 12.7 x 15.5 x 16 inches
   Dimensions: 12.7 x 15.5 x 16 inches  Water tank capacity: 67 ounces  Pressure: 15 bar pump  Steam wand: Yes  Built-in grinder: Yes  The Barista Touch is by far the most intuitive, user-friendly, and reliable espresso machine we tested. Pulling a shot of perfect espresso takes practice, patience, and a little science, but the Barista Touch greatly simplifies it.  It includes an  advanced digital temperature controller, also known as a PID (or Proportional Integral Derivative). This increases the boiler's temperature in a controlled way that results in better tasting coffee. As a result, the  Barista Touch consistently brewed creamy, smooth, flavorful espresso. Plus, its thermojet heating system gets the machine ready in just three seconds. This semi-automatic espresso machine's touchscreen sets it far above the competition. It walks beginners through the steps of making the perfect latte. For advanced brewers, it can save the specifications of your desired drinks. You can pre-program the weight of the ground coffee, the grind size, the brew time, the steam wand’s temperature, and even the texture of the steamed milk. The package comes with four filter baskets, including a single-walled basket for aficionados who want to hone their espresso skills. The magnetic, stainless steel tamper’s weight made it easy to use. The razor trimmed any excess ground coffee once it was tightly packed into the portafilter. That uniformity helped ensure each shot we made was exactly the same. Overall, the Barista Touch was the easiest machine to dial in, regardless of your espresso fluency. Beginners can easily learn to adjust the ground weight and grind size. Intermediate enthusiasts can watch tutorials on the touchscreen and troubleshoot any problems that may occur. Professional drinkers’ creativity is empowered by the versatility and customization. The Barista Touch has its limits compared to commercial machines. While it’s incredibly easy to use, the espresso’s taste may disappoint connoisseurs. The tasting profile and depth of single origin beans require a more professional device to extract. The automatic frothing system also isn’t consistent for users who appreciate their milk foam with uniform quality.  Still, for the price, you’d be hard-pressed to find anything better. 
De'Longhi La Specialista Arte EC9155MB
 Dimensions: 11.22 x 14.37 x 15.87 inches
   Dimensions: 11.22 x 14.37 x 15.87 inches  Water tank capacity: 56 ounces  Pressure: 15 bar pump  Steam wand: Yes  Built-in grinder: Yes  If a high quality steam wand and the ability to try DIY latte art is your first priority, De'Longhi's La Specialista Arte should be your go-to. A rendition of De'Longhi's original La Specialista, this machine features an upgraded, MyLatteArt steam wand, which mimics the style you would find behind the bar at a traditional coffee shop. It also comes equipped with a built-in grinder, 56-ounce water tank, and almost a dozen accessories to help ensure your espresso is perfect every time (like a stainless steel milk pitcher, water hardness test, and tamping accessories).  When we tested this machine, we were impressed by how well the steam wand mimicked the traditional, commercial style frothers. Both traditional and non-dairy milks came out silky, and it was easy to tweak our technique to achieve both latte and cappuccino levels of froth. This machine also produces delicious espresso, of course. The provided manual offers simple instructions to guide you through optimal dosage and coarseness of whatever bean roast you prefer, to make sure your shots taste right every time.  We did notice some variation in crema levels when testing this machine, and some shots were creamier than others. But getting familiar with the correct settings for your optimal espresso, and adjusting them over time, can easily fix this problem. Read the full review. 
Gaggia Classic Pro
 Dimensions: 9.5 x 8 x 14.2 inches
   Dimensions: 9.5 x 8 x 14.2 inches  Water tank capacity: 47 ounces  Pressure: 15 bar pump  Steam wand: Yes  Built-in grinder: No  While not the most exciting to look at, the Gaggia Classic Pro constantly pulled the best shots of espresso in our roundup. This upgrade from Gaggia’s popular Classic features more commercial-grade components. That includes a three-way solenoid, and an over-pressure valve that helps discard dry coffee pucks easily. The chrome-brass 58-millimeter wide portafilter is on par with commercial-grade portafilters. That may explain why it continuously delivered superior texture and full-bodied flavor in our taste tests. It also produced crema with little leopard-like speckles, which gave each shot a unique depth.  The taste was pleasant, with notes of caramel and cocoa, indicating a high-quality coffee. The commercial-grade steam wand frothed velvety milk foam that helped us create perfect lattes.  The machine comes with three filter baskets: one pressurized basket for consistency, one single-walled for creativity, and a pod basket for ESE pods. Although we’re satisfied with its overall performance, the Gaggia isn’t without flaws. It took about five minutes to brew a double shot from start to finish—four minutes longer than our top pick. With no PID system to monitor temperature digitally, it took about 30 seconds to heat up, trailing behind the Breville models.  Additionally, Gaggia is less user-friendly than the Breville Barista Touch; we struggled to insert the portafilter under the brewhead. However, its ability to pull a cafe-quality shot makes this your best choice for the value. 
Breville Infuser
 Dimensions: 11.5 x 13.7 x 13.25 inches
   Dimensions: 11.5 x 13.7 x 13.25 inches  Water tank capacity: 61 ounces  Pressure: 15 bar pump  Steam wand: Yes  Built-in grinder: No  The Infuser is a great balance of convenience and affordability. It provides the majority of Breville’s most advanced features, without costing you an arm and a leg. Like the Barista Touch, this model has a pre-infusion function that gives the grounds a thorough low-pressure wash before pumping pressure through them. The PID heating system accurately controls the water temperature, adjustable in 4°F increments, for the best brewing results. It’s also programmable, saving your favorite coffee presets for easy brewing. The analog pressure gauge can tell you whether the pressure has reached the required level, and whether you’re over- or under-extracting your coffee. This made dialing in much easier, taking out the guesswork when we first tested it.   Ultimately, the Infuser makes a great learning tool for beginners who want to learn how to become an at-home barista. 
