TheBestAirFryersof2022
Ninja Speedi Rapid Cooker & Air Fryer
 Capacity: 6 quarts
   Capacity: 6 quarts  Dimensions: 13.8 x 14.1 x 12.4 inches  Weight: 16 pounds  The Ninja Speedi does more than air frying alone. It’s also a multicooker with steam technology that allows it to cook Speedi Meals, which combines several cooking features simultaneously to make meal time quick and easy. Plus, it has 9 additional settings for everything from baking to proofing bread.  When it comes to air frying, though, this appliance provides some of the best results we’ve ever seen. During our tests, French fries and chicken nuggets came out exceptionally evenly cooked, and were as brown and crispy as if they had been fried in a pot of oil.  In spite of its many functions, the Ninja is exceptionally easy to program. The lever to select air fry or rapid cooker is large and easy to flip. Once you switch it into place, the cooking functions for your selection become available and are easy to toggle through.  The cooking pot and crisper tray have a nonstick coating and can be placed in the dishwasher. It also comes with a comprehensive manual, a Speedi Meals guide, and a helpful recipe booklet. You can also access the Speedi Meal Builder online, which suggests various combinations of foods and cooking times. It’s heavier and a little bulkier than most traditional air fryers, but it also offers many more functions. Neither the cooking pot nor the crisper tray have handles, so you should be extra careful when removing them—we recommend silicone grippers rather than traditional pot holders. And be aware that during air frying, the appliance makes a whooshing noise that sounds like a hair dryer on low speed. 
Cosori Air Fryer Max XL 5.8-Quart
 Capacity: 5.8 quarts
   Capacity: 5.8 quarts  Dimensions: 11.8 x 14.3 x 12.7 inches  Weight: 11.9 pounds  The Cosori Premium 5.8-Quart rivals the Philips XXL for air frying prowess at a much lower price, making it our Best Value pick. In testing, two pounds of frozen crinkle fries came out well-browned and crispy. The appliance is big and boxy, but still looks better than most. It has digital controls with preset cooking programs that work well. While a manual preheat is required before selecting a setting, the appliance includes a helpful beep halfway through cooking to remind you to shake or rearrange your food. It takes a little bit of effort to pull out and replace the air fryer baskets, especially the inner basket. You have to slide a small safety cover and then depress a button before lifting it out. After cooking, you can chuck both pieces into the dishwasher. The Cosori comes with a paperback cookbook packed with tasty-looking recipes and color photos. 
Cuisinart TOA-65 Digital AirFryer Toaster Oven
 Capacity: 0.6 cubic feet
   Capacity: 0.6 cubic feet  Dimensions: 17 x 21.73 x 15.75 inches  Weight: 20.3 pounds  This multipurpose appliance from Cuisinart not only air fries, but it has all the versatility that comes with a toaster oven.  Everything we “fried” cooked up brown and crispy, including batter-fried chicken that came out as crunchy as those fast-food wings and tenders that come in a bucket. Bread toasted exceptionally evenly and matched the shade we selected from pale but dry to dark but not black. When baking, we got great results when we reduced the time and oven temperature to prevent over-browning. The digital Cuisinart is among the more expensive air fryer toaster ovens on the market, but it’s handsome and has digital controls with pre-programmed settings for air frying. For bake and pizza, there’s an automatic preheat; no preheating is required for air frying. This model isn’t as wide as a typical toaster oven, so it won’t take up as much countertop space. While it is taller, it will fit under a standard cabinet. Despite its relatively compact size, it’s large enough to accommodate three pounds of fries, six slices of bread, and a four-pound roast chicken. With a low setting for slow cooking and braising, as well as dehydrating and proofing modes, it gives a lot of versatility for the money. The interior has a nonstick coating and the air fryer basket and baking pan can be tossed in the dishwasher. Cuisinart provides a helpful manual complete with cooking charts and appealing recipes as well as a quick reference guide that stores in a slot in the bottom of the oven so it’s easy to find when needed. 
