TheBestPressureCookersof2022
Ninja Foodi OL701
 Dimensions: 15.39 x 14.21 x 14.25 inches
   Dimensions: 15.39 x 14.21 x 14.25 inches  Capacity: 8 quarts  Weight: 25 pounds  Cooking Presets: 14   Dishwasher safe: Yes  The latest model of the Foodi takes all the fantastic functionality of the previous two-lid model and makes it better (all under one lid).  It features 14 different cooking functions—from commonplace pressure cooking and air frying to more advanced bread proofing and sous vide. We especially love the Steam & Crisp function, which can be used to whip up grains, veggies, and protein all at the same time and with excellent results (read: tender on the inside, crispy on the outside). This model also features a Smart Thermometer, which can be used to automatically cook protein according to desired doneness. Just insert the probe, decide how well you'd like your meat cooked, and the Foodi does the rest. The provided booklet does fall short, though. The instructions are lacking, leading to initial confusion upon set-up. And some of the provided recipes were underwhelming: the risotto was overcooked and lacking flavor, while the crusty bread was underbaked.  But with a little trial and error, getting the hang of this Ninja Foodi is worth the wait. It may be a littler pricier than other models, but it delivers: It's easy to navigate, a breeze to wash, and a workhorse at delivering tasty, well-cooked meals. Read the full review here. 
Chef IQ Smart Cooker
 Dimensions: 13 x 13 x 13 inches
   Dimensions: 13 x 13 x 13 inches  Capacity: 6 quarts   Weight: 10.4 pounds  Cooking Presets: 10   Dishwasher safe: Yes   We loved the Chef iQ smart cooker for its gorgeous build—minimalist black both inside and out with a simple screen and black knob—and customizable cook functions. You can dictate almost all aspects of each setting. For example, its Ferment function allows you to adjust the fermentation temperature, making it more versatile than the preset Yogurt function on the Instant Pot.  Designed for chefs by chefs, this pressure cooker offers some small but impactful details. It has a built-in tare function, so you can weigh ingredients directly into the pot and minimize dishes from building up in the sink. It also removes the guesswork during the initial pressurizing phase by displaying exactly how much pressure has built up in the cooker, so anxious cooks can more accurately estimate how long it’ll take until dinner is ready.  Plus, you can choose when and how pressure is released after cooking, so if you opt for immediate quick release, the cooker will automatically beep to let you know it’s about to release pressure and then do it for you in a totally hands-free experience.  This pressure cooker also connects easily to the Chef iQ app, which is beautifully designed and full of recipes and tips. It’s not required for you to sync the two before use, so you can add on the app at any point. 
