TheBestOnlineLearningPlatformsof2022
Coursera


 Coursera is affordable, easy to navigate, and offers about 5,000 classes. It even hosts classes from top colleges like Columbia University, University of Michigan, and University of California, Berkeley. Coursera nabbed our top spot because it offers a great amount of flexibility thanks to its short instructional videos and reading assignments, making it a great option for those with busy schedules. The interface is also user-friendly and easy to navigate, and the coursework structure is laid out in a way that allows you to follow your progress. To help review this platform, Valerie Li Stack, a senior staff writer for kitchen and cooking at Reviewed, signed up for the “Web Design for Everybody: Basics of Web Development & Coding Specialization” course. Here’s a summary of her personal experience: “The class is structured to encourage learning. The coursework structure was clear and allowed me to track my progress. It was nice having a visual track of my strengths and weaknesses at my disposal. The final project is more involved than the small weekly quizzes, which helped me test my real world knowledge on the subject. Each class had videos, reading assignments, and quizzes. I wasn’t ever doing one thing for too long, which is great because I have a short attention span. This course offers a great amount of flexibility for people who can only find a small amount of time each day dedicated to taking an online class. Thanks to the short video sessions and reading assignments, I can complete the course at my own pace as the elements were all within 10 to 15 minutes. Each class is also accompanied by a transcript, which is helpful for people with hearing difficulties. The only drawback is that the course itself is a bit slow. I think when people sign up for the HTML class, they want to understand the basics but they also want to get to coding as quickly as possible. I think the history of the development of HTML is fascinating, which could be interesting for me in additional reading but not in the video part of the class.” 
LinkedIn Learning


 LinkedIn Learning (formerly Lynda Learning) is a great option for those looking to either brush up on or further hone their professional skills. However, it is only accessible for those who pay for a premium membership to LinkedIn—a professional networking platform.  LinkedIn Learning offers more than 16,000 courses. You can find a wide range of classes that focus on project management, Photoshop, graphic design, HTML coding, and much more. This platform caters specifically to people interested in business and technology. As for the specific course that was taken, the pacing was just right and the coursework was broken down into 1 to 5 minute sections.  To help evaluate this platform, Kate McCarthy, Reviewed’s senior social media manager, took the “Introduction to Graphic Design: Photoshop” class. Here’s what she had to say about it: “For anyone who has basic Photoshop skills and wants to learn how to make their  own designs pop, I’d definitely recommend this course from LinkedIn Learning. The instructor goes through the process at just the right pace and the course is structured in a way where you can pause the videos and rewatch multiple times (without having to rewatch a 20 minute long video). Plus, you come out with a finished product. The course was a little over an hour in length and was broken down into three separate chapters (creating the content, building the layout, and wrapping up). Each chapter had anywhere between 5 to 10 sections in it. The individual sections were also labeled with how long it would take. The  shortest was less than a minute and the longest was just over 5 minutes. I liked this visual representation because I knew what I was going to get in each chapter and how long each section would take. Since I did this course in pieces, (though I could've done it all in one sitting), it was nice to see what was coming up and where a natural place to stop would be.  While there’s a lot I liked about this course and learning platform, the instructor mentioned that it’s not a class for Photoshop beginners. I would’ve been able to follow along better if I had more basic Photoshop skills and it would’ve taken me less time fooling around with the settings and just familiarizing myself with it in general. Even though this was explicitly stated at the start of the course, maybe LinkedIn could do a better job with making that apparent in the title.” 
MasterClass


 Whether you’re looking to learn more about the art of storytelling or pick up a new musical instrument, MasterClass is a fantastic learning platform for artists and creative thinkers. There’s more than 100 high-quality courses in its catalog and the production value of the instructional videos are high quality. However, the biggest draw to this platform is the celebrity instructor. It offers interesting courses such as voice acting classes from Nancy Cartwright (aka the voice of Bart Simpson), acting lessons from Academy Award winning actress Helen Mirren, writing lessons from Dan Brown, and much more.  The only downfall is that it’s not very interactive, so you won’t actually get to talk to the celebrity instructor. To help review this platform, Melissa Rorech, Reviewed’s video producer, took “Margaret Atwood’s Creative Writing” because she wants to become a better writer. Here’s what Rorech shared about her experience: “Overall, I found the course to be interesting and beneficial. Margaret Atwood had a lot of good tidbits of information about writing from her many years of experience. There weren’t any assignments in the video class itself, but there were in the accompanying workbook. Margaret never mentioned the workbook, so I barely looked at it until the end. The accompanying workbook has a lot of good websites and tips for getting started with writing whereas Margaret herself has a lot of functional tips on how to get in the right mindset. Margaret challenges you to think of things in different ways. She suggested imagining scenes from different points of views, narratives, locations, and so on. She talks about where you need to get inspiration from and how you need to write if you want to be a writer. The simplest advice she gave was to sit down and start writing. Most people don't write until they have an idea for the next great American novel, but that may never come, so you've just got to start writing anything. Experiences, short stories, poetry, anything. A fairy tale flipped around. A traumatic memory from another's perspective. Once you get in the habit of writing, then you can move onto bigger works. As someone who wants to become a better writer and maybe someday write a book, this class was really helpful. It motivated me to start writing outside of work for myself, not for money or anyone else. It's a lot easier now to sit down and let the words flow because I have the confidence of Margaret Atwood's advice backing me up.” 
