TheBestTravelCreditCardsof2022
Chase Sapphire Preferred Card


 The Chase Sapphire Preferred has been a favorite travel credit card for its top-notch benefits and flexible points since it was introduced more than a decade ago. And today it’s still the No. 1 credit card for many types of travelers and it is the best card for travel points.  Cardholders earn Chase Ultimate Rewards points that can be redeemed for nearly any type of excursion: flights, hotel stays, car rentals, cruises, and more. It can meet your travel whims for a reasonable $95 annual fee. Plus, Chase currently offers a welcome offer that’s worth up to $900 in its travel portal. Points: The Sapphire Preferred Card earns 2 points per dollar spent on travel, and that category has a broad definition. Think airfare, hotels, motels, car rentals, cruises, camping excursions, and help from travel agents. It also covers transportation such as trains, buses, taxis, and even tolls and parking. And if you book your getaway in the Chase portal, these purchases earn 5 points per dollar.  Dining racks up 3 points per dollar, and extends to fast food joints, fine restaurants, coffee shops, takeout, and eligible delivery services. Chase also introduced perks for groceries: Online orders earn 3 points per dollar (except at Target, Walmart, and wholesale clubs, which is typical among the best credit cards for groceries). For everything between, purchases earn 1 point per dollar.  If you just want cash back, Ultimate Rewards points can be redeemed at a rate of 1 point for $0.01. But take note: You’ll get your most bang for your buck using Ultimate Rewards through Chase’s travel portal where you can book hotels, cruises, car rentals, vacation rentals, and more with a value of 1.25 cents per point ($0.0125). So, 10,000 points could put a cool $100 back in your bank account or cover a $125 night in an eligible hotel. If you want to transfer points to another loyalty program, you have that option, too. And the good news is that points have the same value at a wide range of Ultimate Rewards partners such as JetBlue, Southwest, and United, and hotels include popular chains like Hyatt, IHG, and Marriott.  Perks: At the moment, Chase offers a sweet welcome offer for new cardholders: Spend $4,000 on purchases within the first three months of account opening, and you'll earn 60,000 bonus points. That's $900 if you book travel through the issuer's portal. Year-round, there’s a laundry list of perks, including travel accident insurance and trip cancellation/interruption insurance. You can be reimbursed for toiletries, clothing, and other essentials if your baggage is delayed more than six hours. And if your suitcase arrives damaged or is lost, there’s coverage for that, too. The Sapphire Preferred also offers primary car rental insurance coverage, so you can avoid paying extra for insurance with the rental company. If something happens to your rental car, you won’t have to first make a claim with your own insurance policy. Last but not least, it does not have foreign transaction fees, which is key to saving up to 3% when traveling internationally. Learn more about the Chase Sapphire Preferred 
Capital One VentureOne Credit Card
You can arrange for flights, hotels, and car rentals through Capital One’s Rewards Center. 
 The VentureOne has an uncomplicated program that rewards you with miles for every purchase, and there’s even an introductory bonus that can offer a windfall for your next trip. Best of all, it’s one of the few no-annual-fee cards that doesn’t charge foreign transaction fees. Points: Cardholders earn 1.25 miles per dollar spent across the board and 5 miles per dollar on hotels and car rentals through Capital One’s portal. There’s a few ways to redeem rewards:   You can arrange for flights, hotels, and car rentals through Capital One’s Rewards Center.  Transfer your miles to more than a dozen loyalty programs such as Air Canada and British Airways. Capital One recently introduced new 1:1 partners, including Wyndham Rewards.  Perks: There’s 0% introductory APR for 15 months on new purchases and balance transfers. Any balance transfer includes a 3% fee on the amounts transferred within the first 15 months. After the introductory period ends a variable rate (17.99% - 27.99%) applies. Cardholders can also rack up 20,000 miles if they spend $500 on purchases within the first three months. If you like what you’re reading, you may also want to consider the Capital One Venture Rewards Credit Card. It does carry a $95 annual fee, but it comes with a higher rewards rate and credit for Global Entry or TSA PreCheck applications. Learn more about the Capital One VentureOne Rewards Credit Card 
American Express Gold Card


 Are you willing to pay a little more than the $95 per year but don’t want to go all in on a card with a $500 annual fee? Enter the AmEx Gold. It comes with a $250 price tag, but you can virtually knock out the annual fee if you take advantage of various credits. Plus, you’ll have access to sweet travel perks, including professionals who can help square away hotel reservations and transportation. See rates and fees. Points: The AmEx Gold earns 4X points on restaurants anywhere in the world, and 4X points at U.S. supermarkets—a great rate any day of the year, whether you’re at home or stocking a vacation rental’s fridge. (There’s a spending cap, but it’s fairly high at $25,000 per year. You can spend nearly $500 on the weekly errand and fit under it.) You’ll also earn 3X points on travel booked directly with an airline as well as airfare purchased through the issuer’s rewards portal. For everything between, you’re looking at 1X points. When it comes to redemption options, travelers can transfer to airline or hotel partners such as Aer Lingus, Etihad Guest, and Hawaiian Airlines or as a statement credit or gift card. There’s always the option to book through AmEx Travel, too. Perks: If you run into any trouble, there’s coverage for lost or damaged baggage, credits for meals and lodging if your trip is delayed more than 12 hours, and car rental damage insurance. Plus, when you’re more than 100 miles away from home, the Global Assist hotline is a phone call away to help with replacing passports and medical or legal emergencies. There are no foreign transaction fees, though of course, American Express cards are not accepted everywhere overseas. As always, terms apply. See rates and fees. Learn more about the American Express Gold Card 
Chase Sapphire Reserve


 The Chase Sapphire Reserve is a premium travel credit card with incredibly valuable benefits. No surprise: It has a high annual fee of $550, but its excellent returns quickly make it worthwhile for those who like to travel in style. Points: The Sapphire Reserve offers 3 Chase Ultimate Rewards points per $1 spent on travel after you spend $300 in the category (which is reimbursed with an annual credit). It also earns 3 Ultimate Rewards points on dining (restaurants, casual eateries, and coffee shops) and 1 point per $1 spent on all other purchases.  Ultimate Rewards points can be used to book hotels, cruises, car rentals, vacation rentals, and tourist activities directly through Chase’s travel portal where they’re worth 1.5 cents each ($0.015). So, a cross country flight that would cost $500 on an airline’s website could equal 37,500 points (worth $375 if redeemed for cash) if you bought it through Chase’s travel portal. For additional flexibility, you can combine points with frequent flyer miles at certain programs, including Emirates, Singapore Airlines, and JetBlue. There’s three hotel partners: Hyatt, IHG, and Marriott. For a rewards boost, cardholders can book excursions through the Chase travel portal to rack up 10 points per dollar on dining, hotel stays, and car rentals, and 5 points per dollar on flights.  It's also possible to earn 80,000 bonus points if you spend $4,000 on purchases in the first 3 months of opening an account. That translates to $1,200 that can be used towards travel costs when redeemed through the Chase Ultimate Rewards program.  Perks: The Sapphire Reserve offers a $300 travel credit each year, where the first $300 in travel purchases (from taxi fares to hotels and flights) made on your card will be refunded via a statement credit, effectively reducing the annual fee to $250. You’ll benefit from trip delay coverage, trip cancellation coverage, and lost and damaged baggage coverage. In other words, you may be able to get away without purchasing additional travel insurance, including when renting a car. Primary car rental insurance covers up to $75,000 in physical damages or theft, meaning you don’t have to make a claim to your own insurance policy first. You’ll also receive credit for a Global Entry or TSA PreCheck application every four years, and a Priority Pass Select Membership that gives you access to more than 1,200 airport lounges across the world. These travel benefits can save you time and hassle, and maybe keep you a little saner, when you're dealing with the madness of an airport. Finally, the Chase Sapphire Reserve doesn’t charge foreign transaction fees for purchases made abroad, an absolute must if you plan to travel internationally.  Learn more about the Chase Sapphire Reserve 
Capital One Venture Rewards Credit Card


 The Capital One Venture Rewards Credit Card is a straightforward travel rewards credit card, and it should serve you well whether you’re on the go or at home. We’re especially encouraged by recent developments, as the issuer has announced new hotel and airline partners, introduced a 1:1 transfer tier, and it’s slated to open its own airport lounges in Dallas Fort Worth and Dulles. Points: You’ll earn an unlimited 2X miles for every purchase you make—or 5X miles on hotels and rental cars booked through Capital One's portal. Those miles can be redeemed on airfare, hotel stays, or transferred to more than a dozen loyalty programs. Some partners are at a lower rate, but others carry the same value. Perks: Enjoy two complimentary visits per year to Capital One Lounges or to 100+ Plaza Premium Lounges through our Partner Lounge Network. Plus, every four years you can be reimbursed for up to $100 on Global Entry or TSA PreCheck fees to breeze through the airport. Renting a car? There’s an auto damage waiver that covers collision and theft.  Learn more about the Capital One Venture Rewards Credit Card 
The Platinum Card from American Express


 The Platinum Card plugs you into AmEx’s excellent travel concierge service, which is like having a personal travel agent a phone call away, no matter where you are in the world. Likewise, this card is a good option for frequent flyers who'd like to make use of American Express’s best-in-class Centurion Lounges, with a dozen U.S. locations and more opening across the globe. The high-end perks unsurprisingly come with a high price tag: a $695 annual fee. You’ll definitely want to use it often to make it worthwhile. Thankfully, there are plenty of credits that can help soften the blow.  American Express cards aren’t widely accepted outside of the U.S.—typically only at international locations of U.S.-based hotel and restaurant chains and sometimes high-end stores. That said, wherever you can use it, the Platinum avoids foreign transaction fees. See rates and fees as terms apply. Points: The Platinum Card offers 5 Membership Rewards points per dollar on airfare purchased directly from airlines or through AmEx Travel. (There’s a $500,000 spending cap for this category.) Cardholders also earn 5 points per dollar when booking prepaid hotel stays through amextravel.com. These points can be redeemed through AmEx Travel with a value of 1 cent each ($0.01) or they can be transferred to American Express partners like British Airways, Virgin Atlantic, and Marriott Bonvoy. Perks: As you'd expect, a Global Entry or TSA PreCheck application fee is covered when it's paid for with the card, and you can enroll in a Priority Pass Select membership to gain entry to more than 1,300 airport lounges worldwide. You'll also have access to American Express’ Centurion Lounges (currently 12 within the U.S., plus several international lounges, with more opening every year) and Delta’s lounges when you fly with the airline. Travel concierges can assist Platinum cardholders with restaurant reservations, concert tickets, and more anywhere in the world. And with the Fine Hotels + Resorts programs, cardholders receive an average of $550 worth of complimentary perks such as late check-out and room upgrades. Learn more about the Platinum Card from American Express 
IHG Rewards Premier


 If you hop from hotel to hotel, there are plenty of cards that will accommodate your needs. IHG loyalists have their pick of more than 5,000 properties at a range of price points. The brand includes chains like the luxe Kimpton and InterContinental hotels and more budget-friendly options like Holiday Inns. If these are your go-to hotels, the IHG Rewards Premier credit card stands out for its perks. It has an $99 annual fee, though one benefit alone—the free annual reward night certificate—can easily cover the cost. Not to mention, it includes a Global Entry, TSA PreCheck or NEXUS Statement reimbursement. Points: You’ll get up to 26 points per dollar spent at IHG hotels and 5 points at gas stations, travel, and restaurants. All other purchases earn 3 points per dollar. When you redeem your IHG points for a stay that’s three consecutive nights or longer, you’ll get your fourth night free (in effect, a 25% discount). This can be applied to an unlimited number of trips in one year. Perks: This Chase card automatically gives you high-level Platinum Elite status with InterContinental Hotels Group. That means you get benefits like late checkout, 50% more points when you stay at IHG hotels, and room upgrades. While this isn’t the chain’s highest tier, we’re not ones to complain about a few more hours to lounge in a hotel bed. The IHG Premier Card also offers a TSA PreCheck, Global Entry or NEXUS Statement credit of up to $100 every four years. Simply charge your application fee to your card, and you’ll be reimbursed with a statement credit. And you don’t need to worry about foreign transaction fees either. Finally, every year you’ll be given an anniversary credit for a free night. It can be used for rooms that cost up to 40,000 points, which can easily be worth $200 per night. Just by using this certificate each year, this card could pay for itself. Learn more about the IHG Rewards Premier 
Citi Premier


 Experts and consumers regularly mention the Citi Premier as a worthy travel credit card, but it also is valuable when you’re filling up at the pump. Plus, it earns flexible rewards that can be redeemed for cash back, used to book travel directly through Citi, or transferred to Citi’s airline partners, including JetBlue and Virgin Atlantic. All this is yours for a $95 annual fee.  Points: The Citi Premier earns 3 ThankYou points per dollar spent on airline travel, hotel stays, and at gas stations. You'll get that top rate at restaurants and supermarkets, too, and 1 ThankYou point per dollar spent on all other purchases. If you redeem your ThankYou points for cash back, they are worth one cent each ($0.01). Transfer your points to Citi’s partners and the value can be significantly more or less, depending on the current dollar cost of the flight. The mile cost for flights booked with travel partners is generally static, so if the dollar cost is up, you could save with transferred miles. Perks: For one, you’ll never be charged foreign transaction fees when you travel abroad. And once a year, you can receive $100 off an eligible hotel stay that's booked through Citi. Cardholders can also earn 80,000 bonus points after spending $4,000 within three months of opening their account. Learn more about the Citi Premier 
Chase Freedom Unlimited


 Perhaps now that you’ve dug deeper into the world of travel credit cards, you’ve realized you don’t spend enough on airfare or hotel nights to rack up rewards. In that case, we think the Freedom Flex is a worthy option.  It pays to use for everyday shopping and adds a boost when booking travel through Chase. And because there’s no annual fee, you won’t have to pay for adding it to your wallet—as long as you pay your bill on time and in full, that is. Points: When cardholders book travel through Chase Ultimate Rewards, they typically earn 5% on those flights, hotel stays, car rentals and more. To up the ante, the issuer currently has an intro offer that adds 1.5% to that rate on everything (including travel) on up to $20,000 spent in the first year. That means the usual 3% at restaurants is bumped to 4.5%, whether you’re trying a hot spot around the corner from your hotel or headed to your local haunt. The rate also applies to takeout and eligible delivery services as well as drugstore purchases. That’s money in your pocket when you’re stocking up on TSA-compliant toiletries on the eve of a flight, buying SPF once you’ve touched down at a resort or even a weeknight run for toilet paper. During the intro offer, any other purchases will earn 3%, which returns to a respectable 1.5% after the first year, or if you meet the spending cap beforehand. Perks: Despite not being a travel card, the Freedom Flex does come with a few benefits for when you’re on the road. Take advantage of an auto rental collision damage waiver, trip cancellation/interruption insurance, and travel emergency services for legal and medical assistance. This is the only card on the list with a foreign transaction fee, but the Freedom Unlimited is a low maintenance, straightforward option that may work for infrequent travelers who stick to exploring the U.S.  Learn more about the Chase Freedom Unlimited 
