TheBestSecuredCreditCardsof2022
Discover it Secured


 Among the best secured credit cards, this one earns the top position on our list because it offers plenty of consumer-friendly features: a path to a security deposit refund, credit-building tools, a solid rewards program, no annual fee, and no late fee when you miss your first payment.  How the deposit works: You can make a security deposit of $200 to $2,500. Discover automatically reviews your account every month, starting at eight months, and may refund your security deposit if you've shown responsible use. You can also get your deposit back if you pay your balance in full and close the account. Other important features: With this rewards card, you earn 2% cash back at gas stations and restaurants on up to $1,000 in purchases each quarter, and you earn unlimited 1% cash back on all other purchases. Plus, the issuer will match all the cash back you earn in the first year. Discover also provides free access to your FICO credit scores, which can help you understand your overall credit health.  Fees and APR: There’s no annual fee, and cardholders get a free pass on their first late payment (thereafter, late payments incur a fee). The card also comes with a low variable APR and charges a balance transfer fee and cash advance fee.  Learn more about the Discover it Secured 
Capital One Platinum Secured Credit Card


 The Capital One Platinum Secured is our runner-up because you can grow your credit line without putting down extra money—a major win for people who don’t have the cash on hand for a large deposit—and it has no annual fee. How the deposit works: Based on your credit, Capital One will assign you a minimum security deposit: $49, $99, or $200 (or put down more, if you choose). You’ll get a credit line of at least $200 once you pay the initial deposit, which means you may qualify to pay a $49 deposit for a credit line of $200. In as little as six months, Capital One may grant you an even higher amount without requiring an additional deposit.  Capital One may decide to refund your deposit as a statement credit, or you can ask for the deposit back if you close the account in good standing. Other important features: Like many cards for bad credit, this one comes with no rewards program—but if chasing rewards will cause you to spend more, then it’s best to get a card without them. Capital One also has its own credit-tracking program, CreditWise, which is free for everyone (even people without a Capital One card).  Fees and APR: The variable APR is on the higher side, but can be avoided if you don't carry a balance. There’s also a cash advance fee and late payment fee, but no annual fee. Learn more about the Capital One Platinum Secured 
