TheBestFirePitsof2022
Tiki Patio Fire Pit
 Dimensions: 24.75 x 24.75 x 18.75 inches
   Dimensions: 24.75 x 24.75 x 18.75 inches  Weight: 45 pounds  Fuel Type: Wood  The Tiki Patio Firepit had several features that set it apart from the other wood-burning models we tested. For starters, this unit makes a gorgeous centerpiece in any patio or backyard setup. This stainless steel fire pit has a sleek, black powder-coated finish. It's quite large, too, easily fitting eight people around its exterior and heating approximately three feet away from the unit. We tested the Tiki in two ways: first using the included wood pack filled with pellets and also using the traditional fire starter and kindling method. If you’re looking for a quick-and-easy way to start a fire, the wood pack is the way to go. It lit in five minutes and lasted a full 40 minutes, producing gorgeous flames the entire time.  The traditional method took about 15 minutes to get started, but the fire pit was large enough to fit three full-sized logs at once and burned for a full hour before having to add more wood. Both methods produced less smoke than most of the products we tested, although the pellets produced the least amount of smoke. The Tiki was also the easiest wood-burning fire pit to clean. Once the unit cools down, simply remove the center cone and brush the ash into the removable ashtray. Then, pull out the ash pan and discard any ash inside. It’s worth noting that the Tiki was the second heaviest wood-burning model we tested. That doesn’t exactly make it portable (we had to use two people to carry it). The stainless steel isn’t completely rust-resistant, either, so you’ll want to use the included weather-resistant cover after every use. 
Ukiah Tailgater X
 Dimensions: 15.75 x 14.17 x 17.52 inches
   Dimensions: 15.75 x 14.17 x 17.52 inches  Weight: 22.6 pounds  Fuel Type: Propane  The Ukiah Tailgater X immediately stood out because of its cube-shaped design, distinguishing it from the sea of short, round propane fire pits we tested for this guide. From there, its features distinguished it from most of the other models in the test group: a battery-powered ignition so you don’t have to remember a stick lighter, a lightweight construction paired with built-in handles for easy transportation, and adjustable feet to make sure it always stands level. The lava rocks that come with this unit are much smaller than most propane models, but it comes with more than enough of them to create vibrant flames with a beautiful pattern.  While the unit isn’t very large, the dial ranges from low to high and produces plenty of heat when set to high.  This fire pit also features several bonus features, like a magnetic lid that protects the lava rocks from the elements when not in use. The propane hook-up is also hidden around the back, so it’s not visible when you’re sitting in front of the fire pit. We also appreciated that this model uses a quick-connect propane coupling, which makes the fire pit easier to hook up and break down.  Put it all together, and the Ukiah Tailgater X was a no-brainer for our pick as Best Propane Fire Pit. The only negative we could find with this fire pit is that it’s a little on the small side for a crowd. We estimate it would sit four people comfortably and, maybe six if you squeezed in. 
