TheBestE-Readersof2022
Amazon Kindle (11th Gen, 2022)
 Screen size: 6” e-ink display
   Screen size: 6” e-ink display  Storage: 8 or 16 GB  Waterproofing: None  Battery Life: Weeks of battery life  File support: AZW, EPUB, HTML, MOBI, PDF, RTF, TXT, Audible audio content  The 11th-Generation Amazon Kindle (2022) is the best e-reader, for most people. The 2022 Kindle offers most of the features of the larger, feature-packed Kindle Paperwhite, for around $100—or less if you can find it during one of Amazon’s numerous annual sales. At just 6.2 by 4.3 by 0.32 inches in size and 5.6 ounces, the 2022 Kindle is a compact, lightweight joy to use. It’s small enough to slip into the backpack of a pair of jeans and light enough that I was able to read, one-handed with it, for hours at a time.  Amazon has equipped this e-reader with a six-inch, 300 PPI (Pixels Per Inch) display: the same pixel density users of the Kindle Oasis and Kindle Paperwhite enjoy. It’s a serious step up from the last-generation, base-model Kindle’s 167 PPI display. Text is crisp and legible, at any of the numerous font sizes the device supports, making it easy to avoid eyestrain. It’s worth noting that the 2022 Kindle employs four LEDs to light its display. During testing, I found the display was bright enough to be able to read, no matter the lighting conditions. However, the lighting is uneven, especially when placed side-by-side with a Kindle Paperwhite, which uses 17 LEDs to illuminate its touchscreen.  No matter whether you prefer to listen to or read a good book, the Amazon Kindle Store remains the best place online to find the content you’re after. The company’s online store offers millions of books, comics, manga, and periodicals. Additionally, Audible, owned by Amazon, ensures that you’ll never be starved for audio content. I tested the 2022 Kindle with 16 GB of storage, which is the option I suggest, for most people. 16GB is enough room to hold thousands of ebooks or, dozens of ebooks to listen to via a pair of Bluetooth earphones. No matter what media you use the 2022 Kindle to consume, you’ll find the device’s various settings, your library of content, and the e-reader’s portal to the Kindle Store easy to navigate. Menus, options, and most importantly, page turns are all incredibly responsive to the touch. During the two weeks that I tested this e-reader, I noticed no lag. However, it’s not perfect. If you want a waterproof device for a little poolside reading, look elsewhere. The Kindle Paperwhite and Kobo’s Libra H2O are both great options. I was also disappointed that the 2022 Kindle’s screen lighting can’t change color to help you get as far away from blue spectrum light as possible. However, this was no doubt omitted as a way of keeping the device’s cost low. It’s hard to be angry at that sort of thing. 
Kobo Libra 2
 Screen size: 7” e-ink display
   Screen size: 7” e-ink display  Storage: 32GB  Waterproofing: IPX8  Battery Life: Weeks of battery life  File support: 15 file formats supported natively (EPUB, EPUB3, FlePub, PDF, MOBI, JPEG, GIF, PNG, BMP, TIFF, TXT, HTML, RTF, CBZ, CBR)  The Kobo Libra 2 is waterproof, with an IPX8 rating that allows it to be submerged in 6.56 feet of water for up to 60 minutes at a time. Given its 7.01 x 7.64 x 1.18 inches-inch dimensions and 7.58-ounce weight, I was surprised by the strength of its build quality.  Its seven-inch, 300-PPI (Pixels Per Inch) display and even front lighting with adjustable color temperature controls, make the H20 easy on the eyes. Its readability is enhanced by a large selection of fonts, font sizes, and weights. Its physical buttons and touch interface make for easy navigation. A built-in accelerometer detects when you change the device’s orientation and adjusts the H20’s display accordingly. This makes using the e-reader with your left or right hand a pleasure. The Kobo bookstore features over three million titles and offers an all-you-can-read monthly subscription service. Additionally, the H20’s OverDrive functionality makes it possible to borrow digital books and periodicals from your local library. Finally, there’s Pocket: a free-to-use read-it-later service that allows you to send articles and long-form content to peruse later. Click the extension and the content will be synced to your Kobo device in an e-reader-friendly format.  With so much to offer booklovers, you'd want to believe that this device would be neck-and-neck with any e-reader that Amazon has to offer. Unfortunately, this isn't the case. As with all of Kobo's recent offerings, the Libra 2's excellent hardware and onboard services are taken out at the knees by its user interface. While Amazon has continued to improve user experience, Kobo's UI remains a tough nut to crack. Important features, such as the ability to access Pocket content or to invert the display for nighttime reading, are hidden away and not immediately easy to find. 
Amazon Kindle Paperwhite (11th Generation)
 Screen size: 6.8” e-ink display
   Screen size: 6.8” e-ink display  Storage: 8GB (32GB for the pricier Signature Edition)  Waterproofing: IPX8  Battery Life: Weeks of battery life  File support: Kindle Format 8 (AZW3), Kindle (AZW), TXT, PDF, unprotected MOBI, PRC natively; HTML DOC, DOCX, JPEG, GIF, PNG, PMP through conversion; Audible audio format (AAX)  The 2021 (11th generation) Kindle Paperwhite is slightly larger and about an ounce heavier than its predecessor. However, it’s still light enough to hold with one hand, for a good, long reading session.  Thanks to its larger dimensions and thinner screen bezels, the 2021 Paperwhite is able to accommodate a 6.8-inch E Ink display: a significant upgrade over the six-inch display that had been the signature of the product line since 2012. Text and grayscale images appear crisp, thanks to the new display’s 300 dots per inch resolution and consistent side lighting, made possible by 17 strategically-placed LEDs.  For the first time, Paperwhite readers have the ability to change the color temperature of the device’s lighting which can help reduce eye strain (in my experience) and help to diminish the amount of blue light that you’re exposed to. All of this extra display real estate and lighting are backed up by a faster processor than the last version.  Charging has gotten faster, too, thanks to Amazon’s sunsetting of Micro USB in favor of a USB-C charging port. What hasn’t changed is that 2021 Paperwhite owners still have access to Amazon’s unrivaled collection of e-books, comics, newspapers, and periodicals as well as Audible audiobooks and podcasts. Additionally, it’s still tough enough to survive the casual abuse of being knocked around in a book bag and other similar misadventures. And, as with the 2018 edition Paperwhite, the latest iteration has been awarded an IPX8 rating. This means that it will continue to function, even if it’s left in close to seven feet of freshwater, for up to an hour.  At the time this review was written, Amazon offered two different versions of the 2021 Kindle Paperwhite. The premium version of the device called the Kindle Paperwhite Signature Edition (available at Amazon), comes with 32GB of internal storage, a light sensor to automatically change the device’s display brightness to match exterior lighting conditions, and 10-Watt wireless Qi charging. The entry-level Paperwhite comes packing 8GB or 16GB of storage and forgoes the Signature Edition’s light sensor and Qi charging capabilities.  If you have your heart set on a Paperwhite, It's my opinion that most people should invest in the entry-level model. While 8GB or 16GB isn’t a lot of storage if you’re using a laptop full of software, it’s more than enough space to store thousands of e-books. Additionally, for a device that can go for weeks between charges, wireless charging isn’t so much a convenience as it is an absurdity. Charging your Kindle’s battery via USB-C is faster and far more efficient. 
