TheBestCatLitterMatsof2022
PetFusion ToughGrip Cat Litter Mat
 Material: Silicone
   Material: Silicone  Size: 30 x 23 x 0.3 inches (Large), 38 x 26 x 0.3 inches (Extra large)  Weight: 2.6 pounds  Silicone is ideal for use in cat litter mats because it’s antimicrobial, has a tough grip, and is very easy to clean or wipe down. The PetFusion ToughGrip cat litter mat is gray FDA-grade silicone with a raised wave pattern and an outer lip. The pattern should be placed in a portrait orientation from the front of the litter box to trap litter and encourage paw wiping, while the outer lip keeps litter collected within the mat.   The ToughGrip cat litter mat does a great job of staying in place on both hardwood and carpet. It’s comfortable to walk on with bare feet, and was met with approval from two of our cats, who mainly ignored it. However, where the ToughGrip really shines is cleanup—at 5.3 pounds, the extra-large litter mat can be a tad heavy to pick up and shake out, but the method does get rid of all the litter easily.  The ToughGrip is also a piece of cake to vacuum, wipe down, wash with soap and water. Following the grooves with a handheld car vacuum helps to collect almost all the litter on a single pass. In a waterproof test we conducted, the mat held all its liquid for well over an hour without leaking or spilling. Aesthetically, the mat is a little utilitarian, and we’ve noticed that it’s prone to picking up bits of dust and debris from the floor. But it does exactly what it’s there to do with a minimum amount of hassle or fuss. This mat is a bit higher in price for a cat litter mat. But for the ease of maintenance alone, it’s well worth it, particularly if you have an older cat or one with health issues who regularly misses the box. 
Fresh Kitty Jumbo Foam Litter Mat
 Material: Ribbed foam
   Material: Ribbed foam  Size: 40 x 25 x 0.5 inches  Weight: 1.18 pounds  The Fresh Kitty Jumbo Foam mat impressed us with how much litter it collected and how easy it was to clean with soap and water. Not to mention its low price. Made from a memory-foam layer material, it’s soft and pliant when walked on—which is great for cats with sensitive paws. It also captures a surprising amount of litter in its groove pattern, and was easy to shake out.  In a lab test, we found that the mat itself stayed waterproof, though the ribbed surface did channel liquid off of the mat, and it took very little wiping and rinsing to clean it in gunky-mess tests. It’s also machine washable, though it needs to be air dried. At 40 by 25 inches, it’s big enough to fit any of the three litter boxes in our real-use tests, and the black and gray pattern looks attractive against the floor. 
