TheBestChristmasTreeStandsof2022
Jack-Post 7304 Welded Steel Tree Stand


 Right out of the box, our top pick feels like a perfect Christmas tree stand. The heavy-duty welded steel construction, which requires no assembly whatsoever, is rugged and durable, able to easily support an 8-foot tree.   While it’s far easier to install a Christmas tree with two people, I was able to do it by myself without much difficulty. The triple spike at the bottom of the bowl holds the base of the tree trunk, while the four threaded eye bolts keep it secure and tip-free in every direction.  During the knock-over testing, the tree hardly moved at all in the stand. And, the plastic feet protect your floors from any damage if the stand does move at all.   Maintenance is equally simple with the Jack Post Christmas tree stand. The watering bowl extends out several inches from the tree ring, so there is plenty of room to fit a regular pitcher in. With a 1.7-gallon capacity, the stand should hold enough water for a couple of days, though you should check the water level daily.  Removing the tree was even easier than installing it. Overall, I can’t imagine a better design for a Christmas tree stand. 
Jack-Post Oasis 519-ST Tree Stand


 If you’re looking for a basic, straightforward Christmas tree stand, consider the Oasis. Made of heavy-duty plastic, it has five threaded eye bolts and nuts to secure the tree. The base is medium-width at 19-inches, and is rated for up to an 8-foot tree.  In our knock-over tests, the stand did wobble some, but never came close to actually falling over. Just be careful before you install it each year—ensure that the plastic hasn’t cracked so that the water doesn’t leak all over your floor and presents. One challenge with installing this tree stand are the nuts. They screw off the ends of the eye bolts easily, particularly when they’ve already grabbed the tree. If you need to adjust the positioning of the tree, don’t drop the nut when backing off any of the bolts.  This problem could be easily solved with some removable LocTite before putting the tree in.  All in all, this is a decent quality stand that should last you several years. If you’re getting less than an 8-foot tree, it's a hard value to pass up. 
