TheBestSchoolBackpacksof2022
L.L. Bean Deluxe Book Pack


 This is a durable, flexible, weatherproof backpack that is reasonably priced. Plus, the website states that if the purchaser is not 100% satisfied with the bag, it can be returned for a full refund within one year of purchase.  The extra padded straps and chest harness are adjustable for all body types and take some of the pressure off carrying bulky or heavy items. It feels secure and can be grabbed by the straps or the loop on top. The largest storage area has a secure space for a laptop, and plenty of room for books, a sweatshirt, or other bulky items. The middle section can carry notebooks and thinner items. A small, padded pocket sits inside the middle pocket and has a hole for a charging cord or other delicate items that need to be tucked away for safety. The front of the pack has a zippered pocket for pencils, highlighters, and keys which can be attached to a cord with a clip. The storage areas are well thought out. It’s not easy to lose items and there is plenty of space. Two large water bottle holders make it easy to be well hydrated all day. This is a simple looking bag that comes in nine color choices including black, camp green, navy, red and true teal. It isn’t our first choice as far as style goes, but the durability and storage options make up for what it lacks in appearance. It’s also the only pack we tested with reflective trim—a great addition if your student walks home from the subway or bus stop after dark. A few online reviews mentioned problems with the water bottle holders tearing or the zipper getting stuck, but we didn't experience that issue during our extensive testing. 
Incase Icon Laptop Backpack


 This pack is for someone who considers sturdiness a top priority. It’s the most padded of all the packs we tried and has the sleekest design, so it works for school or the office. The Icon is perfect for adults or older kids carrying a laptop and other heavy materials or items that need a lot of support and who can afford to pay more for a backpack.  This backpack is so padded it can stand by itself. The laptop case is super soft and supportive so, of all the packs we tested, I would be least concerned about my student's laptop being damaged. The straps have extra padding as well so it doesn’t dig into shoulders, although for smaller wearers, the pack might be a bit bulky. The Icon has lots of pockets. Aside from the soft, cushiony laptop section there are two large areas for books, notebooks and other items. The backpack is so deep that if you forget you put something in it, you might not remember until you clean it out. The front most section has quite a few smaller areas for pens, pencils, a phone or keys. There is also a padded, smaller zipper area up top for perhaps your phone, so it doesn’t scratch. One big downside is the lack of a water bottle holder. If you are looking for a stylish, professional looking pack, this is the one for you. 
JanSport Superbreak One


 This is the simplest backpack we tested, but simple is sometimes better. The lightweight JanSport was easy to fill and, despite its light weight, it’s durable. It has the least frills and costs the least out of all the bags we tested, yet it’s one of our top picks because of its ease of use and flexibility. It comes with a limited lifetime warranty (which excludes normal wear and tear). We got a lot of positive comments on this bag, and there are many designs to choose from. The JanSport is ideal for anyone who needs a more casual—yet stylish—backpack, including school children or campers. It comes in so many designs and colors you can find a design that will appeal to almost everyone. Even though this bag is thinner and less padded than other packs, it’s more flexible and therefore comfortable, especially for those with smaller frames. It has enough room that you can include a laptop sleeve of your own, which is what we did. The JanSport had the least pockets of all the packs we tested, which contributed to its light weight and ease. You know exactly what you put in it and won’t easily lose items. There is one main pocket and one smaller pocket in the front. This particular model doesn’t come with a water bottle holder, so given how much we liked the product, we would order a different model that comes with a large water bottle holder. We love how easy it is to toss in the wash. This pack is very casual because of its canvas exterior and the multiple fun designs available such as camo, garden tea party, galaxy and a variety of solid colors. 
