TheBestCarSeatsof2022
Uppababy Mesa V2
 Car seat weight: 9.9 pounds
   Car seat weight: 9.9 pounds  Weight limit: 35 pounds  The UppaBaby Mesa V2 hit all the marks of a quality, easy-to-use car seat. Our baby tester loved this seat, snuggling right in and falling asleep almost immediately every time we used it. The harness is comfortable both for an infant (with the infant insert installed) or an older baby, which wasn’t the case for all the seats we tested. It’s also easy to tighten or loosen the harness as needed, with just a push of a button. The Mesa V2 weighs a little under 10 pounds, putting it on the lighter end of all the car seats on the market. It was thin enough to fit well into the backseat of our Honda CRV, and its strap-based system made it easy to install.  Some car seats require a kickstand, but the Mesa uses a belt that autoretracts as soon as you latch it in, securing the seat into the car. The Mesa comes with a base but if you ever find yourself without one, you can also use the “European routing system” to thread a seatbelt through the back, which keeps the car seat secure. To remove the car seat from the base, you only need to grab the handle on the back of the seat; it’s a one-handed release. The only true downside to the UppaBaby Mesa car seat is that you’ll need to buy into the slightly pricier UppaBaby system if you want to attach the car seat to a stroller. 
Chicco KeyFit 35
 Car seat weight: 10 pounds (without base)
   Car seat weight: 10 pounds (without base)  Weight limit: 35 pounds  We used the older model of this carseat with our son in 2019, and found that the updated version is even more comfortable for tiny humans. The Chicco KeyFit car seat has high safety ratings, and Lily Ray liked this seat as much as the UppaBaby car seat. She took long naps inside, smiled when being strapped in, and didn’t complain as much as she did in other seats even during long road trips.  The harness is one of the easiest to loosen or tighten, even when your baby is small, and there’s decent padding around both the harness and straps. The infant insert includes a headrest, which keeps the baby comfortable on bouncy terrain and makes this car seat adaptable even for tiny preemies (which our son was, back in 2019). The KeyFit is easy to install, using the same strap-based system as the Mesa, with clips that snap into any car. Overall, the installation process takes less than a minute, and there’s no kickstand. The car seat itself is about 10 pounds, so it’s substantially heavier than the Mesa, and it’s definitely less attractive. Carrying it around is doable, but annoying. The liner is washable, either by hand or in the washing machine, and we can vouch for the seat’s longevity, as well. 
