TheBestDishwashersof2022
Bosch SHPM88Z75N
 Finishes: Stainless steel
   Finishes: Stainless steel  Cycles: Heavy, Auto, Delicate, Normal, Speed 60, Rinse  Special features: Stainless steel tub, extra dry option, sanitize option, CrystalDry technology, adjustable upper rack, delayed start  The Bosch 800 Series SHPM88Z75N excels at cleaning dishes, and it stands out for its CrystalDry feature, which uses zeolite crystals to completely dry dishes, even plastic containers. The SHPM88Z75N handled every dishwashing test we threw at it, cleaning dishes better than most others. It was nearly perfect during its Heavy cycle. Plus, with a sound rating of 40 dBA, this Bosch is also one of the quietest dishwashers we tested.  While the SHPM88Z75N does an amazing job removing some of our more difficult stains, we did find occasional redeposit on dishes. Also, the controls didn’t always respond at the first touch during testing. 
Miele G 5266 SCVi SFP
 Finishes: Stainless steel
   Finishes: Stainless steel  Cycles: Normal, Quick, Pots, Rinse  Special features: Stainless steel tub, third rack, AutoOpen drying, ExtraClean & ExtraDry, delayed start  The Miele G 5266 SCVi SF is an excellent dishwasher, offering great cleaning, sleek design, and functionality.  With some high-end models, you pay for a dishwasher’s look and style, not increased cleaning performance. That’s not true with the G 5266. During testing, it delivered nearly spotless dishes with no redeposit.  There’s more to the G 5266 than style and cleaning prowess, though. Maxing out at 42 dBA, it’s soft while running. Also, its third rack accommodates normal-sized utensils, as well as larger items, and the upper rack can be adjusted vertically and also tilted at an angle to help with loading and unloading. There’s not a lot to dislike about the G 5266, other than its premium price. If you like its look and have the money to spend, it won’t let you down. 
Beko DUT25401X
 Finishes: Fingerprint-free stainless steel, black, white
   Finishes: Fingerprint-free stainless steel, black, white  Cycles: Heavy+, Normal, Quick & Shine, Express, Rinse & Hold  Special features: Height adjustable upper rack, stainless steel tub, ProSmart Inverter motor, soil sensor, SilentTech, delayed start  The Beko DUT25401X has an incredibly low price tag while still offering excellent, energy-efficient performance. When testing stain removal power, this dishwasher’s heavy cycle performed like a champ, with a near perfect score. The DUT25401X performed slightly above average during its normal cycle and slightly below average during its quick wash.  While testing the DUT25401X on those three cycles, it also used less water and was more energy efficient than average. Plates and glasses were completely dry at the end of this dishwasher’s normal cycle, as well. We also love this dishwasher’s upper rack, which features different tines for multiple dishes and offers an angled height adjustment. There are also two height-adjustable shelves/wine racks and a mini third rack, which is attached. There’s not much that we don’t like about this dishwasher, but its control panel is poorly designed, and it takes some effort to make your cycle selections. 
