TheBestSoundMachinesof2022
Adaptive Sound Sound + Sleep


 Number of sounds: 30  Battery: No  Cord length: 57 inches  Weight: 2 pounds  The Sound & Sleep from Adaptive Sound Technologies offers a top-notch sound machine experience. From the sleek tear-drop design to the excellent sound, it exudes quality across the board.  This sound machine offers 10 distinct sound categories, each with three different “richness” settings, which give you a total of 30 sounds to choose from. The richness setting allows you to tweak the variables that get layered into the sound.   For example, on the ocean setting, the standard sound is crashing waves; one tap of the richness button adds the sounds of seagulls and seals. A second adds bells and faraway foghorns to create a more soothing, layered sound.  It is also the only sound machine to feature an adaptive mode, where the internal microphone monitors your room’s ambient noise level and adjusts the volume accordingly.  The Sound & Sleep easily got loud enough to drown out competing sounds in our noise masking tests; it completely blocked out the sounds it was put up against. Both testers also noted that at every volume level, the speaker produced high quality sounds from clear highs to soothing bass without distortions.  It is one of the biggest of the units we tested, both in weight and size, which makes it difficult to recommend traveling with. It has a headphone jack but doesn’t offer a nightlight, clock, or app— and it’s on the higher side, price-wise. If that’s not an issue for you, you’d be hard-pressed to find a better sound machine than this one. 
Dreamegg D1


 Number of sounds: 24  Battery: No  Cord length: 60 inches  Weight: 1.19 pounds  The Dreamegg D1 presented a pleasant surprise across the board. This sound machine is compact, with well-designed buttons, and 24 sounds that don’t diminish in quality as the volume rises. The D1 can get plenty loud; it features over 32 volume levels, and in testing we successfully blocked almost every bit of intrusive noise by level 20.  Among the 24 sounds are seven white-noise and seven fan sounds alongside nature tracks like brook, ocean waves, and thunderstorm. It also includes three lullaby tunes in case you’d like to place it in a baby’s room and has a gentle nightlight in a warm hue.  There’s no battery, but at 60 inches, the cord length is generous enough to be able to position it where you need to. At a little over a pound, it’s compact and heavy enough so that it should survive traveling well. 
Loftie Alarm Clock


 Number of sounds: Dozens Battery: No  Cord length: 72 inches  Weight: 0.84 pounds  The Loftie Clock is one of a few smart sound machines currently available, and it first gained our attention when we reviewed alarm clocks. It is a striking machine, sleek and lightweight with a warm nightlight along the bottom, and an easy-to-read display.  In addition to the standard white noise sounds, Loftie can play you meditations or bedtime stories (the company updates these regularly). The sound quality is high across volume ranges, and the Loftie got impressively loud through its 10 or so volume steps. It was able to block unwanted sounds with some success, though noise blocking isn’t really what Loftie’s aim is.  The goal of this device is to provide support to both ease you into, and out of, healthy sleep routines. From the extra content and the soothing light to the nighttime routines and the two-stage morning alarm, Loftie wants to be your sleep guru. The white noise and background tones are just one brick in that building.    Loftie can be controlled either via the five buttons on the top, or from its minimalist smart phone app. The app was straightforward and offered good troubleshooting support when we had to adjust time zones, but we fumbled through learning the menus a bit with the physical buttons. Loftie can also double as a Bluetooth speaker, which may help ease the sting of its price tag some. 
Adaptive Sound LectroFan


 Number of sounds: 20  Battery: No  Cord length: 58 inches  Weight: 1.2 pounds  The LectroFan is humble, practical and—if you’re looking for a straightforward white noise machine—undoubtedly the best bang for your buck. It does exactly what it promises without any compromises in quality.  A streamlined noise maker for those who simply want to plug in and sleep, the LectroFan offers two sound settings, fan and white noise, with 10 selectable options for each setting.   Both testers noted that the machine’s high-fidelity upward-facing speaker replicated each sound beautifully, producing a warm, bass-heavy profile. The “fan setting” did sound exactly like an actual box fan, albeit one with more tonal and volume control.  In terms of decibels, this machine held its own against our top pick, successfully drowning out all three levels of conversation without having to turn the volume up to unsafe levels.   Most importantly, the LectroFan’s output retained its smooth, soothing qualities even when we pushed it to the limits. There aren’t a lot of extra bells and whistles here, aside from a timer, but its simple effectiveness is its best feature. 
