TheBestAirPurifiersof2022
Blueair DustMagnet 5410i
 Area coverage: 356 square feet
   Area coverage: 356 square feet  Dimensions: 26 x 11 x 11 inches  Color options: Matte white plastic, gray fabric  Maximum noise level: 49 decibels  The Blueair DustMagnet 5410i is the best all-around air purifier we’ve tested.  In lab testing, it cut through particle pollution at an impressive rate. It also combined excellent performance with a thoughtful design. It’s not just an air purifier but also a handy end-table.  Given the exceptional particle removal, the DustMagnet is an ideal choice if you’re concerned about smoke particles, pollen, pet dander, or airborne dust.  Even at its highest fan setting, the DustMagnet is one of the quietest air purifiers we’ve tested, and in sleep mode, it’s whisper quiet. Swapping out your bedside table for this air purifier won’t disturb your sleep. The smart features that monitor air quality and filter life and integrate with Alexa and Google Home are another plus. App installation wasn’t the smoothest, but overall the air purifier was a snap to set up and use. Chemical absorption was the only area where the DustMagnet fell a little short, with lower than average performance at removing VOCs.  The DustMagnet uses a HEPASilent filter. This isn’t quite the same as a HEPA filter, meaning it hasn’t been rated in the same way for the efficiency of small particle filtering.  HEPASilent refers to the low noise levels we measured. The filter is less dense than most HEPA filters, so it doesn’t need a noisy, powerful fan to create air flow.  Despite the lower density filter, the DustMagnet uses an ingenious workaround to compensate. An electrostatic filter clumps particles together, making them easier to trap with the HEPASilent filter. 
Winix 5500-2
 Area coverage: 360 square feet
   Area coverage: 360 square feet  Dimensions: 15 x 8 x 24 inches  Color options: Black  Maximum noise level: 57 decibels  The Winix 5500-2 is our best value performer, scoring well for particle and chemical removal, ease of use, and low filter replacement costs. The impressive all round performance comes from a combination of filters.  A washable pre-filter protects the other filters from large items like pet hair, and a true HEPA filter captures microscopic particles. A carbon filter absorbs chemical pollutants, like VOCs from paint and cleaning products, and is washable to extend its life. Finally, the Plasmawave stage produces reactive ions that break down more chemicals.  We love the automatic features: An air sensor adjusts performance to match the air quality. Also, a light sensor which dims the controls and turns down the fan for sleep mode after dark. The washable filter stages and relatively long filter life keep filter costs low. Get the Winix 5500-2 filter replacement 
LG PuriCare AeroTower U9CV1C
 Area coverage: 818 square feet
   Area coverage: 818 square feet  Dimensions: 44 x 11 x 11 inches  Color options: Silver, beige  Maximum noise level: 50 decibels  The LG PuriCare AeroTower is a HEPA rated air purifier for large spaces. It performed well for both particle and chemical filtering in our lab tests. The flexible functions, automated controls, and smart features placed it near the top of our rankings.  Unlike most air purifiers, the Aerotower is a tall, tapering, column. In fact, it resembles a skyscraper near LG’s head office. Although the appearance may not suit all tastes, that extra height has a function. Air purifiers rely on unobstructed airflow to work at their best. The top two-thirds of the tower is a ductless fan with adjustable rotation, flow rate, and flow patterns. This creates excellent air circulation. The AeroTower’s design means that you’re getting two products in one, a ductless room fan, and an air purifier. It also one of the largest square footage ratings we’ve tested, so if you like the looks and have lots of space, go for this elegant LG. Get the LG PuriCare Aerotower filter replacement 
Coway Airmega Icon
 Area coverage: 649 square feet
   Area coverage: 649 square feet  Dimensions: 21 x 9 x 22 inches  Color options: Beige  Maximum noise level: 50 decibels  The Coway Airmega Icon may be the best looking air purifier we’ve tested. Admittedly, that’s a low bar, but with the legs and fabric treatment, this is as stylish as air purifiers get. It looks more like a mid-century end table than a typical air purifier. Appearance doesn’t mean much if the air purifier doesn’t perform well. In lab tests the Icon was a solid all round performer for both particle and chemical filtering.  The Icon also has sophisticated air quality and light sensing so it runs in a quiet, low energy mode at night or if the air quality is good. It will even charge your phone. The extensive area coverage makes this a good choice for large rooms or open plan homes. Cleaning the fabric cover is a potential downside, but if you want something more stylish and energy efficient than the average air purifier, the Icon is a sound choice. Get the Coway Airmega Icon filter replacement 
Medify MA-50
 Area coverage: 1,100 square feet
   Area coverage: 1,100 square feet  Dimensions: 8 x 8 x 21 inches  Color options: Black, white, silver  Maximum noise level: 56 decibels  The Medify MA-50 is a powerful air purifier with true HEPA filtration. Its efficient design, with a central fan pulling air through filters on all four sides, maximizes its filtering capacity.  The Medify’s filters are rated HEPA 13, a high-efficiency type often used in medical facilities.  The HEPA filters can remove the aerosols that spread SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes COVID.  High-quality filters are expensive, so the annual filter replacement costs are high. Also, the better the filter, the more it blocks airflow. This means that the fans need to be powerful to pull air through the filter, meaning an intrusive noise level at higher settings. The MA-50 is designed for large rooms, so it is better suited to an open plan home or office. Fortunately, Medify also has a range of air purifiers with the same HEPA filtration rating, but for small spaces.  These are the Medify MA-40, MA-25, and MA14. We didn’t test the smaller units directly, but their similar filter design should give equivalent high performance. Get the Medify MA-50 filter replacement 
